Journal
=============
I was born at Sequoia Hospital, Redwood City, CA, May 20, 1969.

Family:
-------
Mother: Georgia Lee Good, born in Iowa, October 6, 1945.
Father: Harold Eugene "Zip" Zimmerman May 16, 1942 to Nov 27, 2011
Sister: Gina Lee Zimmerman, Iowa, January 25, 1965
Nieces: Nicole & Danielle, Aug 28, 1982. Alex Sept 10, 1993, Jackie, Sept 17, 1996.

Education:
----------
Kindergarten: Bayside "Bees", Sunnyvale, CA, 1976
Elementary: (1-4) Lakewood, Sunnyvale, CA; 1977 - 1980
(4-6) Carson, Sunnyvale, CA 1980 - 1983
Junior High: (7-8) Sunnyvale Jr., Sunnyvale, CA 1982 - 1983
High: (9)Homestead HS, Cupertino, CA; 1984
(10-11) Milpitas HS, Milpitas, CA; 1984 -1985
(11-12) West HS, Bakersfield, CA; 1986 - 1987
BHS, Bakersfield, CA (re-took government class), graduated 1987. 
College: Mission Valley Jr. College (4 years part-time, no degree). 1989 - 1992
New Horizons, San Diego, A+ Computer Technician Certificate. 2007
UCSC Extension, Python Programming 2011
SNHU (Southern New Hampshire University) 2018 - 2019

Jobs:
------
01) Optiscan, Blueprint copies and file clerk. (I was about 13 @ Balboa Crt. summer of maybe 1982?)
02) Sizzler, salad bar attendant. Bakersfield, CA summer of maybe 1985?
03) Bonanza Restaurant, Bus boy. summer of 1986?
04) AMC Stockdale 6, concession. Bakersfield 1987 senior year and shortly after graduation.
05) Pizza Hut, cook. Bakersfield 1987-1989
06) 7-11, Sunnyvale 1989-1991?
07) Security Guard (ISS?) 1991?
08) Holiday Inn, Night Auditor 1992?
09) Holiday Inn, Front Desk 1992?
10) Maple Tree Inn, Front Desk 1993?
11) Embassy Suites, Front Desk 1994?
12) Price Waterhouse, HR File Clerk 1994?
13) Online Staffing, Office Administration April 1995 - January 1997
14) 3Com, Helpdesk Jan 1997 - 2000
15) 3Com, Operations 2000 - July 2002
16) EDS July 2002 - March 2004
17) RNT Architects May 2005 - May 2010
18) ERG (contract with DataDomain) - July 2010
19) Advantage (contract with EMC) - May 2011
20) EMC Dec 30, 2011 – Sept 2016
21) DELLEMC Sept 2016 – Current, 5450 Great American Pkwy, Santa Clara, CA 95054


Residences:
-----------
01) San Carlos, CA (1969-71?)house with Dad and Mom, first 2 years of my life. 
02) address unknown pre school, lived with Mom & Gina & Richard in apartments.
03) Lakebird Ave., Sunnyvale, CA (1974-1979) Kindergarten to 4th grade with Mom & Gina &    Jim Pope & Solomon the dog.
04) Balboa Court, Sunnyvale, CA (1979-1984) 4th to 9th with Mom & Gina & Bill De Wolf
05) Milpitas, CA 1984-1985 10th to 11th with Mom
06) Bakersfield, CA 1985-1987 11th to 12th with Mom
07) Bakersfield 1987-1988 JLJ Apts with Kevin Liebel & Cinda Palmer
08) Bakersfield 1988-1989 apt over garage behind house with Kevin Liebel & Cinda Palmer
09) Sunnyvale, CA 1989-1990 Dad's apt Mathilda 1-2 years
10) San Jose 1990-1991 downtown apt with Merrick & Sherry Nettles.
11) San Jose 1991-1992 Rosegarden: 1244 Naglee, SJ, CA with Merrick, Mike & Tania
12) San Jose 1992-1993 1689 DeMarietta Ave  Apt #6, with Merrick
13) 1850 St. Andrews Place, San Jose, CA (Milpitas side) 1993-1994 with Merrick, Paul & Emily Klaus
14) San Jose 1994-1995 476 Northern Road, Willow Glen side of SJ with Merrick
15) Sunnyvale 1995-1997 Dad's place Red Oak Drive #K, also an apt with Jeff in TJ for a few months
16) Santa Clara 1998 Mom's apt (after I helped her move to Phoenix, AZ) about 6 months
17) Sunnyvale 1998-1999 Red Oak Dr #H: with Luz in Dad's condo for Gina.
18) 1405 First Ave., “Greenery Apartments”, Chula Vista, CA 1999-Feb 2002 with Luz & her 3 sisters + Dad's 3 nights a week while working in SC at 3Com
19) Ejido, B.C, Mexico Feb 2002 built house with Luz next to abuela's, US mailbox = 317 Heffernan Ave, Calexico, CA 92231
20) Tijuana, a little 1 bdrm apt for a couple of months, then at Jose's house.
21) Tijuana, B.C., Mexico Dec 2004 - March 2010 with Luz, rebuild the house up the hill of Jose's house.
22) March 2010 - May 2010 @ Reiss Hotel 1432 First Ave #311 San Diego, CA.
23) May 2010 – April 2011 @ Pruneyard Garden Apts (with Lorelei) Campbell, CA.
24) April 2011 – Feb 2015 @ 186 N. 14th Street, San Jose, CA. Bought @ $325, paid off May 2014 @ $350 sold for $650 Feb 2015.
25) April 2015 – Current @ 3062 Lemmon Court, Hollister, CA 95023 $150k mortgage.

HOW MY PARENTS MET:
-------------------
My father was born and raised a Mennonite, on a farm in Illinois, scored high in math on his military aptitude test given at school, and was convinced into joining with the Air force right after high school. My dad loved the air force, but his parents did not. It was against the family religion. I don't think my grandfather Floyd spoke with my dad after that. My grandfather died long before I was born, possibly while my dad was still in the military. Dad did not like to talk about his Dad, apparently his Mom Viola was bitter, which made my Dad bitter.

The air force trained my dad in electronics, he then became a radar repair technician. When he got out of the air force, a lot of electronics, especially microwave electronics (radar tech) was being done in California. He moved out there so he could get a job related to his training/education. He met my mother while being stationed in Iowa with the Air force. He was supposed to take her roommate out for a date, but got ditched. My mother offered to go out with him instead and they hit it off. They got married, moved in together and had my sister, all in Iowa. 

My mother was excited about the idea of moving to California, by then it was the 60's and a lot of things were happening out there. My mother was born and raised on a farm in Iowa, but had spent most of the winters with the rest of the 'snow birds' in Tucson, Arizona. She still had many friends there, some who offered for my parents to stay with them until they got settled, so they moved out there. My dad could only find a trucking job which he hated and my mother got in touch with her aunt Denny? in San Carlos, who had a house and said they could stay with them until they got settled. So they moved from Tucson to San Carlos. My dad picked up a trucking job right away, then quickly found an electronics job. He was making good money there, so they saved up, then bought a house in San Carlos and had me.

There are some home movies taken at that house in San Carlos around my 1st and 2nd birthdays, but my only memory is of playing hide and seek in the large curtains with my sister. We had a dog. My parents divorce there, sometime after my 2nd birthday. 

My mother takes custody of my sister and I, and we move to an apartment complex ? somewhere in the west SF Bay Area, CA. My only memories there are of breaking my plastic machine gun by dropping it off the second story balcony, a neighbor having a large fish tank, and a large walk-in closet in our room. My mother is seeing a guy (Richard?)who she met at a metaphysical church she has been going to. My only memories at that apartment are of a Christmas we spent with his family. They gave my sister a huge stuffed turtle, and me a smaller version of the same turtle. The turtles had little yellow French berets on. My mother loves to tell the story of how I got up on stage and sang with Richard's band while they were playing at the church. I sang "Jeremiah was a bullfrog". I have some memories of that, but I'm not sure if they are direct memories or just early memories of my mother telling that story.

The story my mother tells about the church was that she was pretty "anti-religion" by the time she and my father moved to California. She meets a woman named MB while working in the accounting department at Ampex in Redwood City. MB talks my mother into going to a speech held by the guy (Damien?) who runs the church she ends up going to. My mother was not happy when she finds out it's about a church, but get interested when she begins to understand the concepts of metaphysics, and psychic phenomenon in connection with this church.

This was really California 70's, my mother was getting interested in what my father still thinks of as a cult! When I'm an adult, my dad tells me that he believes my mother left him to be with Richard from the church and that she probably started the relationship while they were still married. 


============================================
Early memories, baby to 1974 (5 years old)
============================================

I have flash memories of being in someone's house that had a Pillsbury dough boy squish toy. Some flash memories of my nanny's place, she kept me in a room that used to be the garage, but I find out later that my mother didn't know this because the lady would let me back in the house just before my mother arrives to pick me up.

I got a rocking horse for Christmas. I loved that toy most of all, but I can't be sure if I actually remember it, or if I just remember seeing me as a toddler riding on it...

I do remember being in pre-school somewhere. I had trouble taking the designated nap, so they let me go outside to play to keep me from waking the others up. There was some kind of fort, or a wooden box or something in the playground. I have flash memories of going to one of the kids birthday parties from the preschool, he had a tree house.

I remember living in an apt with Richard, the upstairs neighbor has a big fish tank. I dropped my olive green toy machine gun off of the balcony/outside hallway, it landed downstairs but only the tip broke off of it. My sister and I got matching stuffed turtles, mine was pillow sized and Gina's was big enough that I could lay on it. They wore yellow French berets with little red fuzzy balls on top.

Father lives in Redwood City, buys and manages an apartment complex (either in Woodside, CA or on Woodside road in Redwood City). My sister and I see him once or twice a month on the weekends. He has a friend at the complex who used to be a sailor (named Tommy?), who had a neat toothpick machine, and a wood statue in a barrel. When you lift the barrel, a penis attached with a spring pops out. His apartment overlooked the pool. I learn to swim in the pool there.

My sister and I are sent to stay a summer with my aunt in Council Bluffs, Iowa. I don't remember anything about it, I was too young, before I started kindergarten. There was a second summer vacation in Iowa that I remember more clearly. That was several years later.

When I return from the 1st vacation, I'm surprised by my mother and Jim Pope, having moved into a house in Lakewood village on Lakebird St., Sunnyvale, CA., just off Lawrence Expressway between Hwy 101 & 237. Jim is the brother of Louise Marshall, a reverend at a church. He definitely moves in at some point, I just can't remember if he was there at the beginning, this whole section is hazy. 

=========
1975
=========
Kindergarten, Bayside (6 years old)

I think I would have been too little to have remembered moving into Lakewood, I think my Mom moved there while my sister and I were visiting family in Iowa. I don't even remember the 1st day of kindergarten, I just remember that it was called Bayside, and had a bumble bee for a mascot, the Bayside Bees. I mostly remember this from the Bayside Bees sweatshirt that I had for years afterwards. 

Kindergarten, I remember Bayside just barely. It seemed so big to me and far away from my house then. Turns out to only be a couple of mid-sized buildings a few blocks from that house now. I remember the playground most vividly, but I can't be sure about that because I visited the playground many times after the school closed. My sister went to Bayside too, but they closed it down before I was in 1st grade, and we went to Lakewood school after that. I remember playing Clue in the library there.

I kind of have a memory of coming back from the 2nd vacation to be surprised to find that Mom & Jim sold the old blue Malibu and now have a groovy white van with rainbow blue fire decals on the side. All I remember about the Malibu is that I didn't like the feel of the vinyl roof or the sound of someone moving their hand on it. I remember getting a portable 8 track player in the van years later. My mom used to play John Denver's Greatest hits, and I got a Kiss Destroyer 8-Track cartridge.

I remember someone stole the alarm system out of the van one night. I got my finger smashed in the door of that van. My finder nail turned purple and nearly fell off. My right middle finger is still crooked to this day.

========
1976
========

First Grade Lakewood Elementary school. 

I remember getting excited to get this Harlem Globetrotters notepad for my first day of first grade, I think we were in Alpha Beta supermarket. I didn't know if I needed my own paper or not. I remember the cafeteria, and the playground. They were building a new playground while I was going there. My sister would walk with me to school. She always seemed so much older than me, so much more together and mature.

My sister was in the 6th grade and had an iguana in her classroom. I got let out of school earlier than she did, and I would wait for her just outside of her classroom, staring at that iguana. He teacher was a heavy man with white hair and reminded me of a football announcer, John Madden I think, just older.

I remember a classroom, it had a concrete block walled in patio. I met a friend there, Derek. Everyone was friends, but I went to Derrick's house after school a few times. He lived in Orchard Gardens, which was across Fair Oaks street. It was outside of "Lakewood Village". His older brother had a large Farrah Fosset poster in his room. He had slot cars in his garage. I met up with him when I was in my 20's in Jason Melino's basement studio in Cupertino. The lights were low and I didn't recognize him at first, but after I found out his name, I remembered and I told him so. He seemed to remember a bit. He had an older sister that knew my sister too. 

Derrick lived across Fair Oaks Lane, in a neighborhood they called "Orchard Gardens". It was there that I met Jim and his brother Tim. Jim was a comic book fan like I was. Marvel only for us. Jim had a much bigger collection because it was also his bother Tim's collection, and their mother's boyfriend liked them too. 

I remember having to go to a little mobile room to take speech therapy classes because I didn't pronounce my "s" sounds properly. We played some kind of plastic "barrel of monkeys" game. I stopped having to go there before the year was up. I remember writing something about a haunted house, and falling into the staircase, getting stuck there forever. The teacher once called in my mother because I painted something strange. The teacher mis-took the painting for some kind of aura or something, but it turned out that it was just supposed to be the rug on the floor behind two people talking, not some abstract colors representing speech or energies or anything nearly as interesting as my teacher's imagination put into it. 
I think the teacher's name was Ms. Swanson. I liked her. She had a younger assistant named Ms. Humphrey, who I didn't like.

I do remember starting to take an interest in drawing sometime around then. This could have been the parent/teacher meeting that got me to understand that art can get people to pay attention to you.

I seem to remember my Mom taking me to see Grease at the drive inns, and my Dad taking me to see Star Wars at a walk in, Redwood City.

============
1977
============

Second Grade, Lakewood.
Teachers: Mrs. Swanson & Mrs. Humpfre

There was another classroom, this one had a yellow pyramid made out of wood. There was a round hole for a door in the side, and the top was just a bit open, letting in some light. It reminded me of the "Land of the Lost" kids show that I loved back then. That was part of the Kroft Supershow. There were these reptile "sleestak" creatures who had advanced technology and a gold pyramid building that was bigger inside than outside. The room seemed to be a time machine, that the family was always trying to figure out how to use so that they could get back home. I remember reading C-D-B in that little pyramid.

My father moves to another apartment with a woman named Vi. My sister and her friend Holly got stuck in the elevator there once, and the fire department was called to help get her out. Holly was the daughter of Ginger & Jack.

I had a fever there once and Vi demanded that I sleep in the bed with her, piled with covers while I was sweating out a high fever. I didn't like her much before that, I didn't like her at all after that. My father eventually leaves her because she is an problem alcoholic. He then moves to another apartment, the apartment he owns I think. There I meet Renee, the downstairs daughter of a neighbor friend of my father's. He had an interest in Renee's mother Joy (or was it Joyce?), but Joy wouldn't stop seeing this on and off boyfriend of hers. (ex-husband, father of Renee?). 

My father gets spinal meningitis, and goes into the hospital where he eventually lapses into a coma. He recuperates at the V.A. Hospital in Redwood City, where he learns from a nurse that he was improperly treated at the first doctor's office. He gets a lawyer and starts his malpractice lawsuit. During the course of his coma, he has lost the apartment complex, his savings, and a lot of his memory and motor skills. Doctors do not know if he will ever walk again. When he gets out of the hospital, he is taken in by his friend Jack who is now long since divorced from Ginger, and lives in Sunnyvale, CA. Jack is an old friend from work. 

Mom's friend Louise has her own church in San Jose by now. I can remember that pretty clearly. They had Sunday school for us kids, upstairs during a service in the main hall. There was a back room where people would gather for tea and cookies after the service. One time they had a "pong" video game in that back lounge. I remember meeting Louise's kids Cathy (blond) and David (older, curly light brown hair, skinny). They were older than me, Cathy was closer to my sister's age, and David was older than that. I think one time we went to Great America with them, and David got mad because security made him take his buck knife off. He always wore that buck knife on his belt. I'm not sure, this memory is hazy. 

There was also a time when I went to Great America with my cousin's Steve and Scott, but I'm pretty sure they were different occasions. We went to Great America has often as we could shortly after it was opened. I still remember them building it. I also remember the 101 & 280 huge ramp way intersection sitting there, uncompleted for many years. There was a recession going on. Jimmy Carter has just taken the Presidency from Gerald Ford. There is a gas shortage, and soon there will be "odd" "even" days for buying gas. If your license plate ends in a odd or even number, you could only buy gas on your day. Prop 13 goes into effect before I'm in Jr. High, shutting many schools down. Class rooms begin to get very large.  

I got a black and white "Huffy" bike. Jim Pope put training wheels on it for me. I learned how to ride pretty quick and had them taken off. I had that bike a long time and eventually rode all over Lakewood Village. I had a dog there named Solomon, who grew there from a puppy. We gave him away much later, not too long before we moved out. I remember thinking it was my fault that we gave him away, because I never took care of him.

Mikey got me into KISS. There were two kids who lived across the street from Mikey. He was good friends with them. They were members of the "KISS Army" fan club. They had all kinds of KISS stuff and most of their albums too. After awhile, Mikey decided that he liked the BeeGees. When he told the KISS kids, they nearly got into a fist fight with him. I backed him up by saying I liked them too, even though I wasn't sure who they were. I knew they were from the Movie Saturday Night Fever, which was the only movie I can remember that my mother didn't let me watch. That meant they were cool enough for me. Besides, I liked Mikey better than I liked the KISS kids, and that was really what the fight was about in my mind.

Randy (had a crazy hill billy like family, lived with his grandmother). We became "blood brothers" which was his idea, but I couldn't bring myself to cut my hand. He said that we could do it another way, but I couldn't bring myself to do that either. The idea didn't scare me at the time, but I stopped hanging around Randy after that, or he stopped hanging around me, I don't remember but I'm sure I'm better off. He seems kind of crazy in retrospect.

Brad was an ass hole jock and probably one of the reasons I lost interest in sports. He was older than me and lived near the park, which was behind the school. Brad used to threaten to beat me up if I didn't do these exercises, like push-ups and stuff for him. One day he persuaded some of us kids playing in the park to join his baseball team. I guess they were short a few members so the coach sent him. The coach was Brad's Dad. Brad was in a bigger kids league I think. I had a friend named Pete who loved baseball and was on a team so I gave it a shot. I was terrible at baseball. The coach made the other kids show me how to stand at bat and everybody laughed. They had all been on teams before and couldn't believe that I didn't know how to play. I got a uniform and everything, and started to show up for practice, but a bunch of the kids said they didn't want me on the team and told me to stop showing up for practice in a very threatening way, so I did. 

Screw them, I didn't have any friends on the team anyway. The coach later showed up at my house asking for my uniform. My mother said it was my decision, so I let them have it. I think my mother was angry at having just bought a uniform that I wasn't going to use. I didn't care, being rejected like that really burned me. The stupid coach showed up with a truckload of the kids who began cheering when he came back with my uniform. This pissed me off something deep. I stayed as far away from sports as I could ever since. I decided they were a bad thing that taught kids how to be mean jerks like Brad.

I really wanted to be like Pete, and I wanted Pete to like me. I don't remember feeling like that with the other kids. Pete had the perfect house, perfect family, and was perfectly happy. He seemed older than me somehow, but I knew we were the same age because he was in my class at school. I remember Pete telling me he couldn't come out to play because him and his Dad were going to watch the 49ers football game. He was so excited about it, and his dad made a big deal about it, BBQ and all. His dad was great and really loved his son. The whole family was there together, happy. I left feeling really alone. I remember standing outside of his house wondering where I was going to go, what I was going to do. I remember wishing I had a family like Pete. I must have been in the 2nd or 3rd grade, 8-9 years old, 1977-78.

There were other friends that didn't last too long like Lance, a blond kid who lived a few houses down. His mother had a yellow car that said "honey bee" on the side with a cartoon of a honey bee. She also had an intercom box for the phone. It was the first time I had seen one outside of the Charlie's Angel TV show. It impressed me. 

Then there was Tony & Billy, brother's who lived at the end of the block. They were some kind of Asian, but I never used to even think about race when I was a kid so I never asked. Tony and Billy had this neat play house in their back yard, and just about the whole blocks worth of kids played there all the time. It might have been summer vacation. They collected Star Trek comics. The original Star Trek TV show was really popular. So was Batman and Robin. There were only a few TV channels: 2, 20, 44 were the local independent stations that always played re-runs, and 4, 5, 7 were the NBS, CBS, ABC national networks.

Next to Tony & Billy was the end of the block in that corner house were these twin girls, Mexican I think. They were pretty cute but didn't remember who I was when I caught back up with them at Sunnyvale Jr. Their older sister or mother baby sat for me a couple of times. 

There was another family that baby sat for me before school for awhile. After school too. They had a daughter near my age who bothered me a lot, but sometimes I liked her. Maybe her name was Shannon? They had a dog in the backyard, black and tan, heavy coat. They were on the closer side of Tony & Billy's place.

When I was really little, it was early evening, I was still in my pajamas. We were at a playground. I was climbing on something that was supposed to look like a train engine. I pissed my pants and a few kids were laughing at me. I don't know how old I was, or where I was.

There was a family that had an old pick up truck in their front yard. I think they were Samoan, or some kind of Hawaiian. The dad was huge, but a really nice guy. I didn't like the mother, or her food. I don't know who I played with there. 

There was a red haired kid that I used to play at his house with. His mother once tried to force me to eat liver. I ran out of the house and she told me to never come back, so I didn't.

There was a red haired little girl, who's mother I really liked, but I didn't really like the little girl. Her name was Michelle I think. I remember something about telling the mother that my poop had worms in it. This freaked the mother out, who told my mother. My mother wasn't worried though, she knew that I was just confused about what I saw. I avoided that place after that, or maybe the little girls mother got worried and didn't want me over any more. I don't know, but I didn't go there any more and I tried to avoid walking down that block after that. Once, after I had forgotten about the little red head girl, I was walking across the street from her house. She came out and I hid behind a bush. The girl called out, "I see you Brian, I see you!" but I didn't come out until she went back into the house. She apparently wasn't allowed to cross the street.

There was a friend of mine who's father was a Hell's Angel biker. I don't remember his name, but he had an accent like he was from New York, and he had a Ramones kind of look. I didn't realize that as a kid though, just from memory. We used to play with matchbox cars in the dirt at all our friends houses. There was one kid who liked to jump off of his roof onto a bunch of mattresses. A group of us did it, but it took me a long time to get the courage to try it.

The neighbors next to us where the Trujillo's (or something like that). My sister was good friends with Gilda & Tony who were near her age, but I was too little to be good friends with any of them. I was over at their house a few times though. They had a little black dog named snoopy. My sister had a little  portable plastic Snoopy radio at the time too, and some of the books with collections of the Peanut comic strips too. My favorite toys were this messed up stuffed dog, a broken green plastic machine gun, a six million dollar man doll, GI Joe doll (came in a green wooden "locker" box with uniforms and guns to change him with. There were also the usual cars, but the best was this big yellow Tonka dump truck. I wet the bed all the time and my room was always a big mess. My mother never yelled at me to pick it up as I remember, it was always my sister that did. I think my mother knew that I would eventually get tired of it being a mess and learn to pick up after myself, which I did. 

One time, maybe Christmas, I got a plastic lamp, white with red swirls in the plastic shade. I loved that lamp. My sister had a purple transparent lampshade on hers. The neighbors had sea monkeys. Not the Trujillo's, other neighbors. I don't remember their names, but I remember an older guy who lived there and practised "the hustle" in his garage. I think his sister was friends with my sister. They lived next door to what would later be Lance's house.

The second summer vacation with my aunt Barbara, uncle Gene Partridge, cousins Danny and Cindy. I don't remember the year, but I must have been about 10 years old, making it around 1979. The time I spent there is full of embarrassing situations. One was when I was in the back of my cousin Danny's pick-up. I was distracting him somehow, and caused him to drive off the road and into a ditch. My uncle had to get his tractor to pull the truck out. My sister was riding in the cab with him. Another was when I cried because my sister got to go out at night with my cousin's to the city and shoot pool. My aunt negotiated that the next trip to town, I'd go and my sister would stay. The next trip was a concert, "Pablo Cruse". I had a great time, but I really pissed my sister off, and I felt guilty about that.

=======
1978
=======
Third Grade, Lakewood Elementary, can't remember teachers name.

My mother's boyfriend Jim kept a car in the garage. A "Comet". He was always working on it. It had a cobra on the stick shift knob. It thundered when it was working, a real hot rod. Jim had a stack of Olympia beer cases in the kitchen. "It's the water ... and a lot more" was their slogan. I remember drinking one once as a dare from my sister I think. It tasted really bad. I hated it almost as much as my sister hated Jim. She used his last name in school because it was shorter than Zimmerman, at least that's what she told me at the time, but make no mistake, she didn't like that guy. I felt that Jim's family was pretty weird. Even as a little kid. There was something super "Boy Scouts" about them and their house. The kids were boy scouts, but this was something more. They and their house looked like the old Boy Scouts manual. It was like they were living in a 50's movie. The cool things about their place was that they had a big model train set, and a cavalry looking fort in their back yard. I don't remember the kids name, two boys only a few years apart in age.

We also got our dog Solomon around this time. Cute puppy turned into large unmanageable dog that my Mom eventually gave away to someone.

My sister's first big crush boyfriend's name was a Mexican kid named Joe I think. He kind of scared me because he dressed a little cholo. I thought he was in a gang. I remember Kenny's "GASS" shoes (great american shoe store), Ditto pants, and OP shirts were popular, at least in my little kid's head. The GAP had some great commercials 'fall into the Gap'. Levi's stop animation commercials, and Bubbalicious had a kid blow a bubble and fly into the air. 

SoulTrain & American Bandstand on Saturday after the cartoons. Hong Kong Fuey, Jabber Jaw, Wonder Bug, Speed Racer, Electro Woman and Dyna girl. Sydney and the sea monster, Puff the magic dragon was my favorite song. Then came KISS. Those were the 8Track days and my Mom was cool enough to buy me the KISS Destroyer 8 track. I bought KISS bubblegum cards from the Ice Cream man. At night, Sonny & Cher, Carroll Burnett, Laugh-In, Smothers Brothers, the Flip Wilson Show, Sanford and Son, Chico and the Man, were the popular shows I'd watch in front of the RCA ColorTrak, while laying on this big paisley floor pillow we had. I remember thinking that the old guy from Chico and the man was the same guy who played Charley's grandpa in Willy Wonka. I loved that movie. My sister had a kit that could make wonka bars and little umpa-loompas chocolates, which was even cooler than her light bulb "Betty Crocker" oven.

My sister would have been in Jr. High by then. Madrone Bulldogs. She was a member of the color guard, they carried purple signs that spelled out the school name.

Some other friends around this time are Derek, who's sister went to Sunnyvale Jr. with my sister. Also Jim & his brother Tim, who collected comic books and were big fans of the Beatles. They have a sister named Kim, but I don't remember her until I meet up again with them years later when I lived on Balboa court, 6th grade.

==========
1979
==========
Fourth grade, first half Lakewood, second half Carson.

Damien was one of the last friends I made before me moved out of Lakewood village. This must have been 4th grade. He took me to Great America once, for his birthday I think, but he wouldn't go on any of the rides, which was really weird to me. In fact, Damen was pretty weird in general to me. He was really quiet, didn't talk much, which I hadn't had in a friend before. He had a really old dog that was bald along the backside, making him look really ugly. I met up with him again when I went to Sunnyvale Jr., but we never really talked much.

There were many days when I would just go off by myself. More and more I'd prefer to be by myself as I got older. At first to ride my bike where ever I wanted, then later just to walk (well my first bike got stolen, my second one smashed by an older bully jerk). I'd often have dreams about "living off the land" all Huck Finn like. I liked Huck Finn. I still sometimes dream about living in the wild, in a forest, on a river somewhere, but not with the gusto I did as a kid, in fact homelessness is something I think about a lot, with a mixture of fear and fantasy.

My sister was now at Sunnyvale High school, she became a flag girl, marching in school parades for the football team. I think this is where she did cartoons for the school newspaper too, "Freckles". I was really proud and a little jealous of that.

Then we moved to the other side of Sunnyvale. Carson Elementary, near the end of the 4th grade though the 6th. 

4th grade teacher was a man, maybe South American? Very strict, big on math, short tempered. Can't remember his name right now, Mr. Rodriguez so something like that.

Friends there include: Ricardo from Argentina, he lived next to Tina Hernandez who I had a little crush on all the way through Jr. high. Most of the Carson guys did, but she was just too cool for me. I did talk to her quite a bit for awhile when I was hanging around Ricardo though, because she lived next door.

There was Neal, he lived near Ricardo & Tina Hernandez. His sister worked at Fry's market in the bakery, and his room was always a complete mess. His family was so nice to me, always wanted me to stay around. He had a lot of little hand held electronic games. Once when we were at the Tome Center mall, he started pan handling for video game money. He tried to get me to join him, but I couldn't do it, it embarrassed me. I remember melting ants with a magnifying glass on the side of his town-house. He was teaching me how to burn paper with the magnifying glass. I didn't think he could do it, but it was easy.

The shy Indian or Pakistani girl who lived near Neal, who took me in to meet her mother before she would play with me. I recall that when summer vacation came around, I made up a story about going with my Uncle on a cross country trucking trip. I said that he was a truck driver and I was going to help him, so that I could avoid going back to her house. I guess I was creeped out about how formal it was having to come in an talk with this girl's mother, also the girl seemed to think we were dating, when all I wanted to do was play. I must have been in 4th grade, around 10 years old. I think her name was Emma. 

Also Bassam, who liked ELO. We hung out for awhile, but I mostly just liked riding around on our bicycles together. He lived very close to the school and we would often go up on the school roof to get balls, enjoy the view and just to break the rules.

Another kid lived near the school, with his grandmother. He liked to watch Starblazers after school just like I did so I went to his house a few times to watch it there, but his grandmother eventually gave me the creeps so I stopped. Besides, we had to keep the TV really low, the whole house was so quiet and sterile, like a hospital, too clean. The kid was kind of odd too, I can't explain why, didn't cuss, kind of Ned Flanders like. Too protestant or something. On Saturday morning around this time was Thundarr the Barbarian. I loved that cartoon. After they had Blackstar, with a split sword and some stupid pink hobbit trolls, Sci-Fi,  but it wasn't nearly as good.

Big Boy like Tina, lived near Toby in a small apartment off of Bernardo. She acted like the Fonz from happy days, and was much larger than the other kids. She might have been held back in school a couple of years or something. I can't remember how I met her. We played games like we were dating, but there was no attraction, she might have been a dike. Probably became a biker dike, a very violent girl. She was the opposite of Tina Hernandez in almost every way. Most of the guys didn't think of her as a girl at all.

==============
1980
==============

Fifth Grade, Carson Elementary, Mrs. Castro? or was she 6th grade? Who was the teacher that liked Billy Joel, and gave me best artist award?

I don't remember how I ended up going to Toby's house, but I did a few times. He was friends with Jamal so we all ended up hanging out together for awhile, then Toby must have moved away or something, but Jamal and I kept hanging out. Noel came to our school later, and it was Noel, Jamal and I for awhile.

Jamal Farley, mother is named Ann. His sister Michelle was born after I got to know him. I stayed at his house a lot. We were pretty good friends from 5 through 6th grade, but it seemed like years. I stayed with Jamal when my mother went into the hospital. I was supposed to stay with my Dad, but he had just gotten out of the hospital, was in a wheelchair, and in a deep state of depression. He later got more involved with baseball and preferred to hang out with a guy named Jim, who I never really got along with too well because everything was sports with this guy and I hated sports after the little league incident, also just generally lost interest and maybe kind of mad that I was so bad at baseball and football. Couldn't throw or catch or run or hit anything very well at all. Kids are so cruel about that. I tried to get to know this Vikings football fanatic, but we just didn't click.

David & his mother Helena. David lived next door to Jamal and we would go over to his house because he had ALL the StarWars toys, damn spoiled kid. We didn't really like him too much, kind of annoying for some reason, but he also had ATARI and HBO so I hung out there quite a bit. Got to knowing his mother Helena. She had a British accent. Later that summer vacation David was going to his fathers place and Helena asked if I could still come around a bit, just to keep her company. I did, in fact I asked my mother if I could stay a few nights over there which was never a problem with my mother, I'm sure she enjoyed the break. Helena was so good to me, took me out to fancy restaurants and I started to get a crush on her! I could stay up as late as I wanted to and I would watch HBO at night which is where I saw my first "dirty" movie. Wow, topless movies were so amazing for a 12 year old, I was ready for action!

I met back up with Jim, Tim, and Kim from Orchard Gardens. They moved from there to apartments on the next block from Balboa Court. I saw Jim at the local Stop N Go. His sister Kim wanted to be my girlfriend but I just wasn't interested enough, too immature I guess. She was the first girl I seriously kissed though, in the bushes at the apartment complex between our streets. I used to day dream that we found a place to live together, an abandoned shack out near the creek, we didn't have to pay and no one knew we were there.

Tony lived around the corner, down the street from Jim's new place. He liked Kiss and the Eagles and his dad took me to see the Pirates vs the Giants at Candlestick park. Is little sister was really annoying, I think her name was Shannon. He moved into the closet under the stairs just to have his own room.

Shannon lived in the next building. He was a Mormon that talked me into joining his boy Scouts group, which was at his church. I didn't like the troop meetings, but stayed on because we were going on a camping trip soon. I stopped after the trip, which was great. I forgot the tent poles for my tent, but we cut some sticks. I was embarrassed about that because the other kids had great new camping stuff, but the scout master gave us a merit badge for being resourceful enough to make our own poles. His house was the first time I ate grits. They were horrible, but tolerable if you mixed them into your egg yoke. Shannon was from Louisiana and he cut his had at my house while trying to open up a golf ball. His crazy mother kept us apart after that. I have a brief image of him moving to a new house and I went there to visit, and we spent the time exploring his new neighborhood and hanging out in the storage loft over his garage. I can't remember where that was, but the whole neighborhood was new and parts were still under construction. I didn't see him again until he showed up at my Jr. High school. I didn't like hanging out with him because he was so loud and childish and I was trying to be a cool teenager.

Tom, the big red haired kid who's mother was into bondage, and his little blond haired sister Susie. I met him in 6th grade. He got so mad at the teacher that he knocked her desk over, which scared her. I followed him home after that, it was a big desk full of stuff and I didn't like that teacher (Mrs. Castro?) so I was impressed.

Alex and the time his dad's rifle shot off in the closet. That was fifth grade I think.

There was also the Garcia brothers Pete and his brother? They were into Freak Brother's comics. Lived near Washington park. Their back yard was completely filled with bicycle and car parts.

The building of the Sunnyvale Town Center & Time Zone arcade.

Jim, Jamal & I got busted at "The Treasury" store, next to Toy R Us. 

Taking the 22 bus to Mt. View, to go to the arcade by the "Old Mill" shopping center. "Bally's Midway" I think.

My sister went to Homestead briefly, I think she dropped out around 11th grade? She ended up getting her GED years later at adult school.

Mom gets her surgery around this time. Her friend and former minister Louise comes over to house sit while she is out. My Aunt Barbara comes out and for awhile. I remember taking the train with her to Stanford to visit my Mom... it was horrible, I thought my mother was going to die.

After my Mom gets back from surgery, they send me to stay with my Dad for awhile. After a day of torture I ask if I can stay at Jamal's house instead. He lets me but secretly hold a grudge from here on out that I wouldn't learn about until much later. He was very depressed at this stage, in a wheelchair, dirty apartment that smelled bad. I was too young to deal with both parents on the brink of death, but he was in too bad of shape to notice.

Billy DeWolfe dates Gina. She moves out, they get married, she gets pregnant, she moves back in, with him, taking my Mom's room. I keep my room on the corner and this is the room that I still get dreams about. This room is the dominate one, slightly more so than the Lakewood room, although I had it for not nearly as long. 

Bill was working for Sears Automotive after fighting with Nathanson & Son owner, he took me with him to put sugar in Mr. Nathan's gas tank. Gina worked at A&W, then Nathan's hotdogs in the Town Center mall. Bill got me high for the first time... many times. Beer, bongs, hot rods, what a great time I had with that guy. He had a great comic book collection too. I totally looked up to that guy, greatest guy my sister had ever dated by far. His brothers, Farron, Dino, Brandon & Christian. His mother? Listening to Led Zeppelin, the Cars, Rick Springfield, ACDC, 3 Dog Night. Went to Sammy Hagar concert of course this whole thing lasted longer than a year, it started about 1980 and ended around 1984. 

Noel Quitson. Phillipino, lived near Carson, moved to East San Jose. Brother was a gangster, sister was a cutie. Noel liked pro wrestling and kung fu movies. Over summer vacation we would go to the Jose theatre downtown. Two kung fu movies and a horror movie for $3! We started wearing kung fu shoes, and Noel made a pair of nun-chucks from a broom handle. He was so cool, lived in between my house and school. I'd leave my house early every morning so I would have time to hang out at his house for awhile.

=========
1981
=========

Sixth grade, Carson Elementary. Jamal Farley, Noel Quitson. Maybe my teacher was Mrs. Castro, not sure.

Near the end of 6th grade, Noel moves. He shows up on the bus and shows me how to get to his house in East San Jose. It was summer vacation, and I stayed at his house for a week. From that we learned how to take the buses all over the south bay area. His step dad used to get mad when I would stay at his house, but everyone else was really great with me. They also didn't like their step dad so my being there was something they always asked me to do. 

Once I showed up at Noel's house and he wasn't there, but his brother was. I had my Daredevil comics which he wanted to read. He asked me to stay, and I stayed a couple of days. The step dad was gone thank god. 

Noel's brother's name was Virgil. Virgil's cousin shows up to one night, at least he said it was his cousin but they acted like lovers. They took the couch and I took the floor. We were watching some movie on TV. Virgil gets up for something and I take this chance to sit on the couch because my leg was falling asleep. I motion to the girl to move because was laying over the entire couch, but won't pay attention to me. I start to lift her legs a little to get her attention, but I set them down when she doesn't move. I sit back down on the floor, virgil comes back and tells me to go to bed. I do and later he wakes me up asking me what I did. She is angry and is yelling at him in Tagalog, and leaves. At the time I have no idea what he is talking about, it wasn't until days later thinking about it that I realize that she thought I was making sexual suggestions to her, when all I wanted was to sit on the couch.

At some point I had a yellow and black bicycle for about a year. Some older, bigger kid who lived at Tom's apartments took it from me after I wouldn't let him ride it, he rides off to behind Chuck E Cheese and smashes it, bent rims and forks and frame beyond repair. Tom talked me out of telling on him giving me horror stories about how bad the kid's dad is and how beaten up I will get. So I don't. I still don't know if that was a mistake. The kid was much larger than us, and that apt complex was the crappiest around. Anyway, my mom said no more bikes,and I didn't get another one until I bought one myself in my 20's. 

================
1982
================
I start going to Sunnyvale Jr. High school. It was supposed to be Madrone the same as my sister did, but it closed and merged with another school so they changed the name.

8/28/82: Nicole Rose & Danielle Lynn DeWolf born. They were a little premature, so we were all worried for a bit, but they were fine. 

I meet Robby Winfield this year. We get along because we are both fans of the movie and magazine Heavy Metal. 
Robby has an uncle that owns the best video arcade, it is called Central Park. Many times we are able to get free tokens there. I played the game Sinistar and Jump Bug there the most.
================
1983
================
Gina and Billy moved out just a few years later and split up. Bill kept the girls and eventually moved. He got together with some other woman and they eventually got divorced, but all that happened much later. I think this is the year they start dating.

============
1984
============

Mac commercial features runner throwing brick at big brother screen. I think there were summer Olympics this year. I start my Freshman year at Homestead. My self esteem is at an all time low at this point. I'm fat, I don't have any friends, my old Jr. High friends are avoiding me, it just sucked. The only thing good about this year is that my Mom didn't die, she's recovering from her surgery and is finally returning to normal. I guess I was depressed, but I don't go out much, hair long.

=============
1985
===========
My Mom moved from Balboa Court to Milpitas after my freshman year high school around 1985. I was so glad to get out of Homestead High school, I hated it there more than any other school ever. Sophomore and half of junior year at Milpitas high, we get Colecovision game unit and cable TV. I meet Sean Mingus in Mr. Hand's biology class. I get my permit & driver's license and start driving my Mom's Toyota Camry. I also start smoking cigarettes and chewing tobacco and listening to Hardcore punk rock with Sean.

===============
1986
===============

End of Junior year we move to Bakersfield around 1986, I finish my sophomore year in a few months. I had to take PE because they don't have a computer programming class. Ass holes decide to pass me the ball so they could dog pile me to punch and kick me so the coach/teacher won't see. Really pissed me off, I walked off before class was over and stopped going after that. We move into the same apartment complex as my mother's friend Linda. Linda talks to her Chesterfield smoking insurance friend who gets me a job as a salad bar attendant at a Sizzler that summer. Sean comes to visit and starts making friends with skater dudes in the neighborhood. The fact that I'm working and not making friends, and he is having a good time, not working and making friends all over gets me jealous and he really starts bugging me. It sucks to admit it but I'm so happy when he goes home and I don't see him again for years.

==============
1987
==============

My senior year, 1987 I approach Andrea and ask her where everyone hangs out at and she tells me Beach Park. That weekend I drive out to Beach Park, after talking my Mom into buying a bottle of wine for me. I drove her Toyota and I meet Kevin Leible, Ruby Alvarez, maybe Cinda, shared wine with Jimmy Green but wouldn't get to know him until much later. I end up driving them home. When I later catch up with Andrea, I find out that she sent me out there as a joke, thinking that I would be scared of the "freaks" and fags that hang out there. She could not tell that I was used to hanging out with the Milpitas punks and felt right at home there. In this park I meet Lisa Cunningham too, and Steven Price, not sure if it was first night or the following weekend.

I make friends with Kurt Gusman and general misfits from West high during lunch break. We all start smoking cigarettes, I started with Marlboros, but quickly end up on the cheaper Magma cigs. Smoking, drinking, and Patriots Park was our only common bond. In Bakersfield in the 80's if you weren't a redneck, or a rapping gangster, you hung out together. Kurt Guzman, Sheree Burdette, John Esparza, Andrea Santa Cruz, and a few others. I start dating Andrea. That summer I'm driving people to parties and start making all kinds of friends. Steven Price, Sherry Nettles, Kevin Lieble, Cinda Palmer, Dawn Bennett and Michelle Owens, the girl that switched to liking Reggae,  I showed up one night drunk at her house, and she stopped talking to me after that) but the skinny one was sarcastic but funny, the other lived near the country club. Her friend was Skinny gay guy who loved Sig Sig Sputnik Chris Warren. Lysa is friends with Steven Price, can't remember when I first met Steven. Lysa takes me to Grandma Fischel's house to meet her friend Damon. I like Damon but for some reason we never became friends, only through Lysa. 

Lysa introduces me to many people, including Travis Mcallister, whose parents are on a cross country bike trip leaving him with a house alone. There I meet Stacy Lynch. I meet Teddy Gutierrez and Twilla though Lysa, although I never really connect with those two much. Oh and Janice at the very end of my time in Bakersfield, like the last week or so.

I get a job at the AMC movies and meet Brian Moseley, Glen Aldrich, Rob Pike. Keith Horton, Jon Robles and Daniel Jajou, Lisa Cunningham, Gary something... Brian talks me into taking LSD for the first time. Awesome & scary. I met Carrie Mueller, she was very young at the time, about 4 years younger.

I fail my government class because of the tight wad anal republican bow tie wearing ass hole of a teacher. I have to take summer school at Bakersfield High School where I pass quickly with a A grade, getting my diploma. I quit the movie complex, briefly get a bus boy job at Bonanza buffet restaurant. Oh how I hated that job.

My Dad' mother died and left him some money. Gina sends me $5000, which I thought was from my Dad, I later learn that Gina had a big argument with him because he did not want to give me anything. Apparently he was holding a grudge from when I was supposed to stay with him while my mother was in the hospital, but I asked if I could stay at Jamal's house instead. Anyway, with that money I buy my first car, a white Toyota Corolla for about $3000. I never change the oil and burn the engine out moving back to Sunnyvale, get the engine rebuilt, pay that off in time to have Sherry wreck it. Oh well.

Mom tells me she is going to move to Texas with Louis Marshall/Brown. I don't want to go so I ask around and end up moving out maybe late 1987 or early 1988 with Kevin and Cinda to the JLJ Apartments. Kevin finds a better place over the detached garage behind a big house. 

I quit Bonanza and get a job at the Pizza Hut next to the JLJ Apartments. I break up with Andrea. She was getting abusive, ditched me with her little brother, and was sneaking out with supposedly my friend Sherry Nettles! She was babysitting her brother, I show up and she says she needed a ride to go talk with someone, wait in the car for 30 minutes. Finally get mad enough to go up to the house and ask for her, and they tell me she's gone. She must have snuck out the back of the house, or got the guy who answered the door to lie. Either way, we were done.

New job, first car, first time out on my own, and room mates, now it's a year of Parties! 

Cinda and I fail to throw Kevin a decent birthday party, he gets pissed! Total tantrum. Baby. 
We are sitting in Kevin & Cinda's room, she's going through clothes when this smooth chrome vibrator drops to the floor, I just laugh it off, Cinda looks really embarrassed and starts going on about how it's just a back massager, I start kidding her about it a bit, then she starts crying. Kevin is furious with me, even though I do my best to apologize and say how I don't care, it doesn't matter to me, etc. but they a both a little more distant to me after that, it really pissed them off... they were so touchy. 

=================
1988
=================

We later move to the apartments over garage is much better, thank you Kevin for that. Kevin introduces me to Jimmy Green and Sherry Peuter, Quette Vera and just generally seemed to know where the parties were all the time. 

I meet Jhana Kind somewhere around here, after John Esparza styles my hair.

Kevin gets a car, Corvair, black. I park next to it, and open my door into his car leaving a small paint scratch and a little dent in his fender. He gets really upset about it, I deny doing it, but tell him that I would help pay for it if he wants me to. He knows it's me because the scratch was white, but I make a point that other people have white cars that visited, like Dawn Bennett's friend Michelle Owens. Blond hair, cool clothes, funny in a bitchy way. Ended up getting into Reggae. Anyway she has a white car at this point. I used to drive her and Dawn around, if it wasn't for the car they probably would not have even hung out with me at all.

Kevin ends up getting rid of it, getting some kind of brown Toyota. I think he really started holding a grudge against me at this point, we argue about the power bill one day for no reason. He is very short tempered with me, when he talks to me which is rarely at this point. 

Somewhere in here I drunkenly kick an ATM machine that has shut down leaving $200 of mine sitting in it. I was at a house party, Carrie Mueler asks to borrow some money, so we all went over to the bank. Later I get a call from Bakersfield Police telling me I will face criminal charges. On the way to plead my case to the bank manager, I stop by Ted's house and unload to him. Very embarrassing I really loose my shite. The repairs to the ATM cost me pretty much all I have.

My 19th? birthday comes around and Kevin shows me how it's done by throwing the biggest birthday party ever! The thing is so big it spills out into the back alley. Jimmy Green breaks the railing by the door that I would fall off of the next day. I broke my leg from that fall, which gets me fired from Pizza Hut.

Kevin and Cinda fight, break up, and ditch me. With my broken leg, I can't work, and my room mates are not around to help pay the rent. Insurance money saves me, but also forces my hand, I have to move out before that money is gone. I think the settlement was for $3000.

=================
1989
=================

I call my Dad and he agrees to let me move in long enough to get a job. He tells me that I either need to go to school or pay rent. 
I am too young to rent a car let alone a moving truck, so I have to drive my things a car load at a time to my Dad's place on Mathilda, Sunnyvale. The night driving back, there is a party going on at the apt, apparently Kevin showed back up at some point and really trashed the place, confetti is all over the place, and my box of best comic books is gone. I knew Kevin was getting annoyed with me, but the place (and deposit) is in my name which puts me in a very awkward position when I have to give the keys back to the owner. I think he intentionally trashed the place, and took the comics to get revenge for the ding on his Corvair. I had offered to help pay for it, which he refused, but he still had to get revenge I guess.

Lysa's friend Janis is hanging out with me a lot, she seems to be falling in love with me. 

During the move to San Jose, I burn the engine of the Toyota. It might have had a slow leak, or maybe it was just so dirty, I never changed the oil, didn't know anything about it. My dad pays for the engine to be rebuilt, and starts putting the pressure on me to pay it back, he is not happy about it or my being there, which is hard for me to understand because I dread the thought of living alone and I make very little money.

I enroll at Mission Jr College, and get a job at nearby 7-11 with Jim Moneygold. At first his daughter is running the store, but she gets married, then leaves to have a baby. Jim starts running things, but generally lets me work alone. He starts talking to me about becoming a store manager.

Janis starts sending me letters. I answer the first few, but she is sending them almost daily for the first week, then weekly, then monthly, then they finally stop. She is very sweet but I'm not in love with her and the easiest thing to do was just not write her back until she got the message.

=================
1990
=================

At Mission College I meet this high school AP kid, some kind of Asian, who hangs out with me, wants to be friends (but that didn't really happen). We did have fun in history class though, arguing Confederate vs. Union. He was pretty funny, but just another person I loose touch with. I don't even remember his name. 

I meet back up with Sean, meet the two girls Amanda 'Mandy' & Jessica. I start dating Jessica, we hang out downtown at Amanda's because he mother is never home. Sherry Nettles enrolls in Job Corps downtown San Jose. She gets kicked out, and turns to Chris Warren who has come out to live with David Weir? David knows Merrick, who has a place downtown and sets Sherry up there. 

Merrick plays bass with Animated Corsage, so Sherry invites me over to hear them practice. I meet Merrick, Jason Melino, Rodney Torres, go back to Merrick's for a little party, end up staying the night, going out with Merrick, breaking up with Jessica and eventually move in. 

It was great at first, there was a liquor store a couple of blocks away that would sell to me, even though I was only 20.

Sherry wrecks my Toyota, too expensive to fix, I end up selling it and taking the bus to Mission, then 7-11, then back home. My Dad rubs it in my face every time I see him (which is less and less) for what feels like years, saying he didn't want to get the engine rebuilt because he figured something like this would happen.

Jeff gives Merrick's cat "Spooky" LSD and it hides in the closet for months. Merrick decides that Jeff is coming over too often and doesn't want him coming around any more. Jeff often sleeps at the park, comes over to stay the night sometimes.

Merrick for Christmas, gives me two tickets to see Tom Waits, Dec 30, San Jose civic auditorium, but she does not want to go and we haven't seen Jeff for a long time so I take Sean with me.

==================
1991
==================

I meet Jeff Uli, Mike Beaudet & Tania Herrick, Ray “Jonathan / Wolfboy” Morano?, Sherry Nettles moves in with them, after getting tossed out by Merrick, which was okay with me because Sherry's feet really smelled foul. She was working a Phoenix coffee shop. I meet Brian Baggenstos from SJSU. Hanging out at Biagio's in my spare time with Jason, sometimes Animated Corsage will practice there. This is the place I meet Jeff Uli. Jason starts dating the girl Alex which the "One Step Beyond" crowd seems to say that is what plunges him into regular drug use. I don't know what started it, but Jason eventually pretty much goes insane.

===========
1992
===========

Merrick and I move in with Mike & Tania at Rosegarden house (Naglee Ave, SJ, CA). 

Mike soon inherits his mother's old PC, and he gets me interested in computers. This was back in the DOS days, yet he sets up a modem and starts logging into these BBS sites.

I start saving for my own computer, asking my family to give cash for Christmas instead of gifts, so I could get one. After looking at the options (DOS, black and white MAC) I decide to get the color, stereo Amiga 500. It was a good choice, and I was even able to get a modem working on it with some help from Scott, a friend of Mike's that got Mike into computers years earlier.

My favorite Amiga app was Deluxe Paint II which I was able to chose for free when buying the Amiga from the store in Sunnyvale, I don't remember their name, the only place in the south bay where you could buy an Amiga. DeluxePaint II would let you make animations with your drawings and you can save them to VHS cassette to watch on TV. You could not do that with Mac or Windows at the time. One of my favorite games was Quadralien, where you select a droid to clean radiation and kill aliens while keeping the reactor cool and not running out of power. I also liked the Miracleworks keyboard and software that teaches you how to play piano.

I start calling up Benchmaster's BBS, where I learn a lot of things. I have to learn the CLI because that it the only way to extract compressed files. That helps me to later learn DOS and Unix shells. This gets me to buy a modem for Brian who has a Mac. He is the only other person I know that has a computer. I later learn that this is the thing that gets Brian to start seeing me as a friend. He starts inviting me over, takes me to some parties...Paul-N-8, Sean Frame, and various KSJS stuff. Mohawk Aaron Clark is living with him around this time.

Mike's Navy friend James goes AWOL, stays at our place for awhile, has a sleep walk where he pisses in the sink, and pulls a green shelf unit out and starts acting like it's a machine. I ask him what he's doing and he says something like "loading up the lathe boss." He gets decapitated on the way back from a TJ trip with Mike. Mike says James was driving and he fell asleep, after the accident, the Highway Patrol made him help them find James's head. James parents start blaming Mike for what happened. I later find out that Mike was driving.

My sister's car old Pontiac, costs too much to repair, I pay for the fix, she gives me the car, which barely works but it's better than the bus. I have to open the hood and manually connect the wire from the battery to the fan unit which immediately starts up.

A new neighbor moves into the downstairs. He is a total alcoholic (can't remember his name). I get to know him because his friend asks me if I know where to get acid. I was wearing a Jimi Hendricks shirt so he figured it was cool.

Jeff beats Merrick at chess and she starts getting bitchy with him all the time. She has steals some Valiums from her inventory job, but doesn't like them much. She sells them to Jeff but only a few at a time, scared that he'll OD. He saves them up, gets into a fight with his girlfriend and downs them all with a bottle of vodka. A trip to ER for stomach pumping, and Merrick refuses to let Jeff visit the house. This adds to the tension between Mike, Tania, and Merrick as it's not her apartment, but she feels that it is because she had rent experience and it's in her name. They believe Merrick is being a bitch to Jeff because he beat her at chess. That did make her mad, but the really deal breaker was the valium O.D. Not because she was worried about Jeff, but because she was scared that if he died, someone would investigate and find out she gave him the pills.

Gina's old Pontiac finally gives out, I sell it to Rodney for $100 but he stiffs me $50. My Dad helps me to buy a Gold Ford Taurus. It's not my style but it works so I'm not complaining.

Jeff and I get really drunk one day on Tyrolia wine and take a spin in the laundromat dryers. Still smoking Magnums.

Jason Melino starts seeing Noel from Willow Glenn. Merrick leaves Animated Corsage somewhere around this time.

I start hanging out with Richard Kong and Tracie around this time. Richard and I take a fishing trip to San Mateo pier where I catch a big manta ray.

I leave 7-11 to work as security with Mike. First at a Demolition site for some Catholic school in Los Altos, C-Cube, Southgate, then Holiday Inn Milpitas.

I start hanging out at Noel's around this time, doing a mural in air brush on her bedroom wall.

I remember Sean coming over to C-cube while I was working one night. He really knew how to bug the hell out of me. I kept telling him that he should go, but he won't. He starts messing around with the front desk Mac, I tell him to stop, but he won't. First time in a long time I was that pissed off at him, he nearly got me fired when they started complaining about the guards using that Mac. I didn't speak to Sean for a long time after that. He never left the house, and has been going through jobs getting fired, he does not seem to care at all, but I'm out on my own and take this shit seriously.

Merrick's dad (Paul Klaus) loses his job in Hawaii, something about a car dealership wanting him to do something illegal. He invites Merrick and I to stay with him at his house in Maui for a couple of weeks. He comes back to the area and gets a mobile home in Sunnyvale, because his mother Emily is in an assisted living retirement apartment complex about a mile away. 

=============
1993
=============

Mike and Tania move out, after steadily being a month behind in rent, causing no end of fighting between them and Merrick. Merrick and I move to an apartment, 1689 De Marietta #6, Campbell, CA 95126 landlord was Carol Guillion.

I remember Paul gave us an old table and chair set. I slipped getting out of the truck and cracked the back on one of the chairs. Paul starts freaking out about it, yelling "Who did this?!?" I didn't have the nerve to say anything I was so stunned by his outrage, so he accuses Mike, A guy he just met, what a jerk!

I hate to move away from Mike and Tania, but Merrick would not stop provoking them to fight. Mike and Tania might have briefly moved into a trailer in Anna Wilson's backyard. They end up getting an apartment downtown. They make friends with this neighbor guy who has this huge python snake. That guy and his girlfriend get in a big fight and breakup. Mike and Tania end up moving into the house behind the apartments. I think Lorelei lives with them for awhile, and I think gay Brian ?!? moves into the apartment up front. 

I leave the security guard job to work as night audit at Holiday Inn Milpitas. This is mostly because of the night manager Troy. He is from New Mexico and likes to play guitar. I wasn't very good at telling guests to be quiet, and Troy gets to be a bit of a friend of mine, so he recommends the position to me. I drop out of Mission for good, 4 years later and not even an AA degree. I just couldn't get anything done at school while working night shifts. I learn Lotus 1-2-3 thanks to Victor, and I make friends with Candy, the super tight Filipina girl. 

Lots of Raves around this year. I got to Rave clubs almost every weekend for awhile.

At some point around here, I visit Lori Penner, Steven Price, Cathy (something) get an apartment in SF together. Steven leaves almost immediately to go clubbing, Cathy too, Lori and I talk for about an hour, she is pregnant with Brian Moseley's baby! I didn't even know they knew each other. She tells me I should get a real job, which hurts but I know she is right, and talks about Mexico being so cheap to live that she can see herself retiring there. I thought wow she's already travelled outside of country. Neat. Funny that years later I would live in Mexico for many years. Not as glamorous as it sounded then. 

Mike and I sometimes meet up to play pool, drink beer, and eat breakfast after working grave shifts. Mike briefly has Tim and Jason living at that house, and I later learn that Lorelei lived there for awhile too, but we weren't seeing much of each other back then, they did not like Merrick, so I didn't learn about that until I move in with Lorelei in 2010.

Noel and Jason break up, Noel is seeing this PacBell guy and they plan to move off to Portland. Jason's dad sets him up with an apartment off of Bascom near 280. Jason gets another girlfriend almost right away (Robin was her name I think) she also deals, but was really nice. Mexican maybe? I can't be sure. Anyway he was an ass hole to her too and she eventually left him.

Somewhere around this time, Lysa invites me over, she has moved in with Daniel in Hayward. We get drunk, and end up in bed together, all three of us, Daniel acting asleep, Lysa making moves. I can't do it, I used to want her when I had no one, but she didn't want me then. Now I have this thing working with Merrick and NOW she wants me? I leave, drive home. Daniel calls me wanting to talk about it. I tell him it is none of his business, I know the games they play on two phones, Lysa listening silently, I seen them do it at Lysa's house before, it makes me even more mad. Daniel is insistent, but instead of hanging up, I start ripping into why Lysa and I won't work out. I call her possessive and fat, and then I hang up, not wanting to ever hear from them again. That is almost where the story ended too, but I would run into her later at a Halloween street party in SF, she would storm away mad, but later would call me again.

================
1994
================

Paul wants us to all rent a house with his mother. He finds a good looking 4 bedroom place on the Milpitas side of San Jose, but spends years trying to sell his mobile home as well as trying to get his lawsuit against his old company to go through. Northern Road Landlord = Bob Barry.

I get fired from Holiday Inn because that night manager (Terri something, short Filipino girl) wouldn't buy my travelers checks. 

I get a job at at Maple Tree Inn, first as night audit with some old Filipino guy. He lends me his room mate's Amiga book, then bugs me so badly to get it back that I decide I'm not going to give it back. It was a nice offer on his part, but he was such an ass demanding it back, calling me thief, etc. I got into some arguments with this short Filipino girl that we hire. She has been seen coming out of the room of a guest there and I get the feeling she might be a prostitute. They make me a Jr. manager of some sort so now I have to do the scheduling which I hate. 

I get a Saturn, my first (and probably only) new car. 

I keep fighting this this little lady and it finally gets the attention of the Manager who asks me what I want to do, I tell her we should let her go, and she reluctantly agrees. A couple of weeks later I quit on her. I found all kinds of problems with the hotel that they were not going to fix (like the door knobs were in backwards so they could be opened with a credit card or screw drive really easily). Still, looking back, what a jerk I was.

I get a job close to the house, Embassy Suites Milpitas, night audit again. Night audit turns into front desk, which doesn't last long, I hate that job too.

I start to work for Paul's Motor Purr car chemical business. That doesn't work out at all, I tried the first two days, then ended up spending the time hanging out at Jason's place off Bascom.

Merrick and I get married in Los Altos hills, Mariam is the minister, Paul-N-8 is DJ. Honeymoon in Europe, Stuttgart to be with her mother and London to party. 

Emily decides to go back to the retirement complex, so my Mom moves into the Milpitas house. With Emily out and Merrick out of school, Paul and Merrick start ripping into each other. Paul is also bitter about my screwing up the Motor Purr spot, but I don't care I hated that job and I start hating him too.

We move to a town house on the far side of willow Glen. 475 Northern Road San Jose, 95132 landlords Brian & Kay Rooney.

Sometime around here I decide to call Kurt Guzman. He rips into me about not inviting him to my wedding, I hang up on him, I guess our friendship is completely over.

I leave the hotel biz and get a temp job to get office experience. Worked at Price Waterhouse as an HR clerk. 

============
1995
=============

I get fired from Price Waterhouse but get a temp job at OnLine Staffing. That company booms, hires me full time, and I start helping people with computers. They take me with them to Hawaii but I really don't want to go. People I remember are Rick Reynolds, Mab, and an office manager, before Kathy, they were all cool except Rick Swanson, the president. There was always something off about that guy. He later gets caught selling company info (resumes I guess). The cool office manager gets fired and Kathy Milano (not so cool) gets hired. She rides me kind of hard until she is able to hire her own support staff. We get everyone Windows 95 machines, I get to set them up, and teach people how to use them, while covering phones. We end up hiring someone to answer phones eventually.

I get tickets and take Sean, Jeff, Brian and Merrick to go to Residents Cube-E concert in SF at the pier. It was amazing.

Jason Jefferies gets killed outside of his apartment, stabbed in the chest while investigating a neighbor's screams. The killer is the neighbor's ex-boyfriend, an ambulance driver, who admits to it and turns himself in the next day.

Merrick and I get divorced. Many things were wrong with our relationship but the event that kicks it off is I invite Jeff over to see parts of the Residents show while Merrick is at work. He has a few smokes, leaving the butts in the ash tray. Merrick calls me up at work at Online Staffing raging mad about it and kicks me out of the apt. 

I call up my Dad and he agrees to let me move back in with him, but by now he has a spare bedroom I can stay in. Around this time Jason Melino starts really losing his mind, tears up his apartment, gets kicked out and starts living on the streets. He stays with Jeff in the garage for awhile, but even Jeff has to kick him out, they get into a fight. Jason seems to be at a point of no return and I never see him again.

I start hanging out at Brian Baginstos house most weekends, when I'm not hanging out with Jeff.

I meet Luz in TJ. Jeff's sister starts going to school in San Diego (SDSU I think). He helps her move down there, riding in the back of the moving truck. He decides to check out Tijuana while he is there. He ends up getting a place with Octavio eventually and I fly down on Southwestair to visit him. Downstairs from Jeff's place is Elias, Lawrence, and Edith's place. Elias & Lawrence are brothers, Lawrence and Edith are an item, and Luz is Edith's best friend. We all go out to Club 'A' together.

==============
1996
==============

Working at Online Staffing, staying at my Dad's in the spare room, going to club A in TJ every other weekend. OnLine Staffing gets venture capital, goes from 7 to 30 something employees and everyone gets a Windows 95 desktop PC. OnLine staffing has a party at a fancy restaurant said we could bring a guest, I bring my Dad. I got laughed at a little for that. OnLine Staffing also has a trip to Hawaii for the top recruiters and takes me along, even though I didn't really want to go very much. I hang out at the beach and in the jacuzzi most of the spare time, the rest is spent doing some dumb psych eval test, team building speech thing that was extremely boring. 

==============
1997
==============

I get the 3Com job, and officially start my computer tech career after Mike says he is going to a job fair in Santa Clara, and that we should meet up and have dinner afterwards. I whip up a resume to hand out at that fair and a recruiter takes my resume and a week later I get a call from John Boyden to come in for an interview.

Ardail started at 3Com the same time as I did, we did orientation together. He wants to be a stand up comedian and practices his routine at a little bar/coffee place that has an open mic/stage. I finally go to see his act, during the middle for some reason I get an irresistible urge to step outside and have a smoke. Before I can finish, Ardail comes out to ask what happened. I am surprised that his act was so short and feel really stupid for stepping out on him, I apologize and Ardail acts like it doesn't bother him, but shortly after that, people around the office start treating me like I'm a jerk and after thinking back I realize he must have told them about my stupid blunder. I don't blame them now, but it was just a dumb mistake, I didn't mean to be rude, but I was and I can't take it back now.

Sometime around here Lysa calls me up and invites me to go out with her to a club in SF. Looks like now Daniel and Twila and Lysa got a place together. Lysa invited me to stay the night at a friend's apartment in SF. It is very nicely decorated. We made up for earlier transgressions, but don't end up seeing each other again for a long time. The next day we go see Daniel and Twila for breakfast. They both are mad at me and don't act nice at all. I don't know why they even came along, but Lysa is trying to patch things up between us all and it is not working. Twila is just quiet, but Daniel is acting like a total cunt.

Still living in Dad's spare bedroom. Still hanging out with Brian or Jeff on the weekends. Once I took Jeff to Brian's place, but they ended up arguing with each other over the age of consensual sex and statutory rape laws. They didn't like each other much so I never brought Jeff over again.

Sometime this year, my Mom moves out of her Santa Clara apartment to Phoenix, AZ. I rent a U-Haul and help her move. I move into her apt and invite Luz to stay with me. She visits for a couple of weeks, I have to drive her over because she is so afraid of airplanes, never been on one. Jeff hangs out and helps translate, but gets bored quickly and hits the road at one point. I think I drove him out passed Casa de Fruita to I-5, but not sure, that could have been an earlier time.

When the offer of after hours support comes up at 3Com, I take it. At first I work with Julie, who lives in the Santa Cruz mountains and like horseback riding. She ends up hurting her back during a ride and works at home, then gets fired, then sues the company over it. I don't know how that lawsuit turned out. Some gay dude, I think his name was Mike? Takes her place. He has inherited a bunch of money from his dad and so he acts like he doesn't care, watches movies on his laptop and drinks a 6 pack of Pepsi a night, so I answer the phone for the both of us.

December I give Luz her box of chocolates with the wedding ring inside and we get engaged. We met in 1995, it is now almost 1998, her parents were asking if we were going to do something soon. I have asked Luz to move in with me, but she says she can't move in before marriage. So here we go, taking the plunge.

===============
1998
===============
I move into my Dad's spare condo somewhere around here. I remember Lorelei, Matt Machia, Mike, Tania, maybe a couple others taking me out to some strip clubs for my bachelor party and coming to the condo after. I don't remember how long I was there before the wedding, but it was only a couple of months I think.

My sister was living in the condo, with Nicki and Dani but Robert and her move into a house in Sunnyvale, between AMD and 101. They have Alex around this time. My Dad wants to get the girls a computer, I help him pick out a Macintosh. Jacqui is born a few years later.

Luz and I get married, ceremony is in San Diego and reception is in Tijuana. After the honeymoon she moves into Dad's other condo with me. Luz hates it in Sunnyvale, fights with me and is very angry almost all the time. Gina has Luz babysit my nieces, but about 2 weeks into it, Jacqui hops into the neighbour's car, Luz can't find her and panics. All is well by the time that I get home, but Luz refuses to babysit anymore. She starts going to adult school to learn English, but quits after a few weeks and invites her sisters over to keep her company since they now have summer vacation.

Lysa Cunningham invites Luz and I to go to Goth club in SF. I go, a little worried that I would run into Merrick, but that doesn't happen. Lysa keeps taking me outside to smoke. I can tell she doesn't like Luz and is intentionally trying to ruffle feathers. I do this a few times, get a beer to bring back to Luz, who is sitting with a very bored Twila, and I get my face slapped hard enough that I almost fall over. I only spill a little beer. Luz storms off, I sit down and slowly finish both beers before I excuse myself and go take the bitch home in silence.

Jeff's mother dies around this time somewhere. She has a stroke at the hospital she works in. Jeff comes up with Melissa, he stays seriously drunk the whole time. One night he is fighting with Melissa, smoking and drinking in the back patio. He covers himself with the lighter fluid and threatens to set himself on fire.

===================
1999 
===================
1999, Aug, 28 Sat:
Luz's mother dies. We are living in Sunnyvale, Apt H. Shiela was visiting, her first time away from her parents. I got us tickets on Southwest Airlines right away, and called into work that night. I thought I would have to quit work, but my boss John Boyden, was a good guy, and found a way for me to work out of the Rancho Penasquitos office in north San Diego. 

I work there with Todd for a few months then John asks me to cover eCommerce support because that flaky guy who inherited a bunch of money when his Dad died (I can't remember his name for some reason, I think it was Mike) quit 24 hours before it was supposed to start. They will reimburse me for the airline ticket, I accept and I'm off to Santa Clara the next day. A few days later Todd calls wondering what the hell I did! I didn't realize John didn't say anything to him. He wanted to know why I left if I wanted that IT spot. I apologized for not telling him, I thought John would, and told him I wanted the eCommerce support position more than the IT spot in San Diego. He was mad and never spoke to me again. About a month later, 3Com closes the San Diego office, so my decision worked out for me, but Todd La Pittus probably thinks I'm an ass. 

I think Robert and my sister move out to Livermore sometime around here.

===================
2000 
===================

The high school year ends, Elizabeth graduates. By the end of the year, Luz and her sisters have been fighting with each other so much that we are both anxious to get out of there. We move to ejido mexico with Luz's grandma and build a house there. 

2000, Aug, 13 Sun:
After work I hop on the light rail, off to the San Jose airport, as the sun is setting. I fly to San Diego, then drive home to Chula Vista to pick up Luz and Sheila, drive East Hwy 8, cross the border in Mexicali, then to Ejido Mexico, at Abuela's house. We are going to drive to Luz's family's house in a town called Batamote, near the city of Los Munchies, in the state of Sinaloa, in Mexico tomorrow.

2000 Aug 14 Mon:
Abuela drives first to San Luis, where we pick up Javier. Javier will be driving the red minivan for the rest of the trip. We continue down Hwy 2 East, to Sonoita, circa Puerto Penasco, and ate at "Torta D.F.".

We continue down Hwy 2 South for the duration of the trip. Desert scenes have me dreaming of Ben "Obiwan" and Tatooine... Jedi living in seclusion, maybe in a cave at those distant rocky mountains, acquiring space to transceive mentally move more freely. Running alongside the car, leaping across the potholes and caverns and dry creek beds, to glide occasionally like the kids from E.T. on their bicycles. The sounds of Rupert Humperdinck "raindrops keep fallin on my head" pipes in and the spirit of Paul Newman in an English derby and vest riding his old style bicycle around in circles. There I am running along a young "obi-wan" in my monk like robe and realize that when Vader struck Ben down, he didn't disappear to nowhere, he probably just ended up here in the Mexican desert, south of Arizona, which is pretty close to the same thing.

I want to collect the saints of Catholicism (for starters) they have so many, each a specialist. St. Christopher or St. Peter, the spirit of travel? Then there are those just of Mexico/Lat America like the virgin Guadalupe aka Mary Christ. So many roadside graves, strangely the only signs of life out here. Except for immigration stops, like San Emeterio. Frank's wild years "St. Christopher" continues to be a theme, which I remix with the words from "Raindrops".

Night falls as we turn on Hwy 15 toward Nogales. We'll probably stop in Magdalena, 200km south of Tucson. Lots of horses here. I've been reading comix adultos en espanol. It's no longer dessert, it's green valleys here, almost forest like. There are a few small farms, pretty place. To bad it's getting dark. Virgin Guadalupe about 20 feet tall up the cliff side. We're going extra fast so Abuelita can see a Saint. Well, it's a 10 foot statue of Jesus, but that's not the main draw/attraction. "Colosio" a murdered presidential candidate was born here. There are billboards in his honor. The park is cool, stone roads. Tecolote = owl, also wise. Tecolote Cafe is across from the church.

We find a hotel a couple of blocks from the church. 3 double beds = $400 pesos = $40 bucks. They got satellite fed cable, dozens of channels, all in espanol. Cable only channels like Discovery and cartoon network in espanol. Saw some Dexter, then a future Spiderman, which sucked. Sheila and I joked about how the towelette web cape they've got him in looks like toilet paper hanging off of him.

2000 Aug 15 Tue:
6am and our 4 foot Napoleon abuelita commands her troops, "up & at 'em", which all dutifully respond, moving like I've never seen them. Like something important were about to happen. I ignore it as best as I can, but am shouted up by Luz, instantly. I grunt and grudgingly stomp off to get a cold shower and I realize that it's not my vacation, but Napoleon's, and I've just enlisted into the French Foreign Legion. Church services at 6am, as we walk in, a big fist of a face stares me down. "What the fuck have I done to piss this guy off? Racists or what? But I quickly realize that this is the face Mexico ends up making to a lot of guys in 50 years. That grimace is no reaction, that fist is simply his face. A token memento from hell. The main event here, a 10 foot statue of St. Francis in a crypt like side room, laying down atop a marble casket. Wooden, clothed and painted, except the parts that people lift and kiss tenderly, the back of his head is worn away further than a bald spot, all the way to the bone.His foot, the left atop the right, legs crossed, especially his big toe, has been worn to a dull point from kisses. Generations of worshipping kisses. Lodo = mud, I've plenty of it around here. He was some kind of big Indian converter, "the man" of this area. In his shrine is a little black figurine, maybe 3 foot tall, St. Martin, some kind of animal rights saint, who is touched on occasion, but not worn out anywhere.

We drive on, to Santa Ana and eat at "steak house" where I being writing this journal. We drive on, South 15 toward Hermosillo. 20 to 40 foot painted images of Guadalupe (virgin Mary) occur every hour or so. It's all dessert like all the way through Hermosillo and the entire state of Sonora, until the lush green hills of Sinaloa, where it drizzled for awhile, what a relief, hot as it was. We only stopped for ice and water and sodas once, picking up issue 1 of Cartoon Network en espanol. We did eat grilled chicken in Navojoa, "Pollo al carbon". 

Finally our destination, Batamote, which is a few miles away from paved and named streets. No one bothers to name the streets as there is no mail delivery. You want mail, you get a box at the post office. junk mail might as well be spam e-mail out here, neither are a part of the everyday. The few rich that exist live in paved street and have an abundance of both I'm sure, but I wouldn't swear on it, I've yet to see any.They've got power lines, cell phones and satellite dishes. Wireless is king in areas without a wired infrastructure. A creek of drinking water runs through the town, a real kid's paradise. Very Tom & Huck Finn, very Steinbeck all around. Except for the occasional microwave drum tower relay stations. Many household dishes sit atop or next to the roof water tanks. The tanks provide pressure, as the water is merely gravity fed from the canal.

Thank god the sun is going down, the flies have been crawling all over my legs and ears. We shift down the road. Ducks are out back, dogs in the street, huaraches on the roof, chicken in the tree. Trikes, Quads, bicycles, dirt bikes, mini bikes, and big ass 4 wheel drive pickups rule the roads. Cats strut with authority between the dogs that may wrestle and bark at each other, but nothing wants to mess with those cats. Not your common house cat, these are lean clawed wild animals. They don't have the household cat that lives around my house, these cats survive, often the dogs will move from their path. We arrive at tia Teresa's house to drop off Luz and my bags as this is where we will sleep, then we go just down the street a couple of blocks to tia Amalia's house were the rest of the group will sleep. A Guajolote = turkey?, flies by and the smaller cats gallop under the patio cover of the house. Maybe they thought it was a tecolote = owl? It turns out to be an owl, a turkey sized owl, that circles over us then leaves. I never saw anything like it. I didn't even know there were daytime owls.

Chicharra = big buzzing bug, looks like a beetle (cicada?). Lechuza = a big chicharra. Luciernagas = firefly.
I drive Abuela's van to Amalia's house, pulling into what looks like a good parking spot, I'm quickly waved off to another less reassuring place under a tree. It turns out that I parked over what was the outhouse just a few months ago and is now filled in with dirt and rock. Obviously not very stable ground. It's dark now and we go walking down the street for tostadas and frescas at "Mi Casita" which looks like it is their house, with a little table in front. With nowhere to sit, the girls from the store next door bring over a long makeshift bench. We eat in the road. Half dressed children gather around to look at us and the mini van. There seems to be a shortage of lumber as most everything is supported with tree branches.

The first place we went to eat had a man lying on the floor on the side of the road. A kid of maybe 12 sitting on his chest, slapping him in the face and laughing an insane giggle. It does not make the man wake up, or even move. This place only has pork, which no one wants, lucky us. I have yet to see a kid with shoes, or the sad, nervous and lonely look so popular in the US suburbs. Plastic buckets half covering light bulbs hanging off extension cords serve as the more popular light fixture. It works, but tends to leave spots in your eyes. Talk about texture, it would take me all day to draw it We walk back along the lumpy road to the house, the minivan follows behind with the headlights making the road look like a river in a strong wind, all rippled. Sheila wants to walk more but we can't, the water  truck has come by in an attempt to keep the dust tolerable, so now the streets are mud, thick and un-walkable. Amelia's house walls are pure pictures. A lot of them are hand colored black and white photos. Ketch collected from the last couple of decades all hanging there in an order that future archaeologists will spend chapters hypothesising over. The clock strikes me the most, a large 3-D like image of Jesus that turns into Guadalupe then back to Jesus as you walk by. A small pair of clock hands in the upper right corner seem to be waiting for the second coming before they'll start working again.

We sit in a large circle in front of the house, on an assortment of makeshift chairs, like overturned buckets, wooden boxes and whatnot. A thick layer o sweat covers me, which is welcome as now I'm no longer bothered by the bugs. I feel like I'm tripping slightly things are so different. Then the guy we picked up in San Luis, 2nd lieutenant to Abuelita Napoleon, announces he's taking over our little red life raft minivan away to be with the boys. Lightning begins flashing on the horizon (seriously, not just for dramatic effect) as Javier drops off the bags and shuffles off, lumping down the road. Another flash and I notice orion, big and bright as shit, staring down from the stars. At least he's the same after all, I thought. He's laughing isn't he? The house lights flicker every few minutes, but no one seems to notice. The cats are crawling through the pile of bags that were dropped of, deciding if they are worth keeping I suppose. No one makes a move for them until long after the cats are finished. Coincidence I'm sure, but not for me. These are not petting cats.The dogs here are way more tranquil than in Tijuana, or Ejido for that matter. But, like the rest of Mexico I've seen so far, they roam freely in abundance. The world is very open here. Fences exist, but mostly as a suggestion. Roads seem more like gaps between houses that cars happen to use often.

We meet someone who's gone from Los Monchies to Cabo San Lucas. Costa about $150 dollars 2 years ago, takes 20+ hours, is subject to storms this time of year (hence the lightning we keep seeing) and is very lumpy. It's another 8 hours from here to Mazatlan so they say (they being Napoleon) so it looks like my plans just bit the high seas. MUTINY! So far I feel like Chevy Chase in Nat. Lampoon's Mexican Vacation. Things may look up tomorrow...if the sun fails to rise.

2000 Aug 16 Wed:
The sun fails to rise. The sky is heavy dark with clouds and it's raining as soon as we get up. The night was not so bad 'cause we're in a room with a swamp cooler. Napoleon (Dona Luz) has us up and running again at the crack of dawn. I ask where we are going and I get "Are you going or not?!" Of course I am, there is always that chance that no one comes back for me. We get downtown to Monchies and get a bite, Birria De Res (beef stew) with an agua Jamaica. We go across the street so I can get some guarachas (sandals), and it rains HARD! Hard like it's fake. So hard we wait in front of a store and wait for it to calm down...for an hour. By this time we decide to go because the streets are filling up with water. Soon it will be hard to cross the street without getting out pants wet. It's already too late to avoid getting our feet soaked. We wait back at the restaurant and get coffee and wait it out more comfortably. I really want to catch that Keroack appreciation, the poetry for the ordinary, but it's just not in me. I sit contently though. We leave downtown and go to a port town called Talamanchi or something like that and watch old style fishermen throw nets into the ocean to catch their daily bread. We go to the beach there and talk to a guy who's trapping crabs a few feet from shore. There is a band playing in a restaurant with a whole 4 people inside.

On the way back we see a bar "the hidden bar" tucked away in an alcove. It's pretty big for such a distant location. Everyone is certain that it is a whorehouse, even making jokes about getting work there. Oh yeah, the guy that drove up (Javier) left at the bus station this morning. I have no idea where he is going, but it looks like I am driving back. On the way back from the beach we get food (Monlin Tacos) and go to a service for a lady who's husband died last week. This puts Luz in a crying mood. Next week will be 1 year since her mother died and the songs and general service is the same. A real downer, we are there for what seems like hours. We come back slipping through thick mud roads and overflowing streets, but we make it. 5th element is on TV. I can follow it, even though it is in espanol because I've seen it a few times. I love this movie. Everyone else is playing cards.

2000 Aug 17 Thu:
We sit at the aunt's house. Hours later Shiela tries to get us to go for videos, but Napoleon denys us. At least my bordom has company. Now I remember what got me drawing in the first place. Usually accompanied by a gallon of caffeine. Raw boredom. Then everyone started jumping for the van around 5 pm. The aunt (Amalia?) wanted us to take the long way, and I thought we were going to get stuck in the creek. We went back to the lady's house whose husband died and I watched the little kids play in the muddy road. The house across the street from this place doesn't bother leashing their dog, but since he chases kids, they just put him on the roof. Strangely, that is a common solution. This happens all over Tijuana too. On the way back, we stopped and got movies. That night we borrowed the aunt's VCR but it kept kicking out the videos, so we borrowed Aaron's friend's VCR. We had to open it and clean the heads with a piece of paper and change the cable, but got it working. Topes = speed bumps. Luz went to the Aunt's house to play dumpe. I went to bed early.

2000 Aug 18 Fri:
Again up at dawn and off by 8am.We went to Mochos Ricos (or something like that) I got money at Bancomer (1500 pesos) and we ate. Luz got a big set of lottery cards from a lady with a body and face full of warts. I was still in a cranky mood from having been rushed out of bed again, on the way to the restaurant. About a 10 year old waitress greeted and sat us down, put a couple of tables together, took our orders and delivered them flawlessly. Some of the best service I've gotten in a long time. After eating I dozed out in a tranquil sitting posture and some pimply farm girl about 15 years old, shakes me by the shoulder and giggles off to her table. It's the daughter of the lady cooking. She was so smug about it, that I felt like hitting her at first, but got the last laugh knowing that she lives here, in a suburb of hell. We went back to the aunt's house and played dumpe. I slept like a log and had daydreams of Wolverine's return to japan to get revenge on the samurai gang. Played more cards then went back to Teresa's house & played loteria for awhile before going to sleep.

2000 Aug 19 Sat:
Up at dawn again, this time pants have been recommended as the place crawls with mosquitoes. We're going to Luz's uncles house, which takes 2 hours to get to from Teresa's.Armadelia & Abuela are waiting for us impatiently as Mexicans get, as to make a generalization they have a tendency to be very patient. Slack is a common theme everywhere I've been so far, that extends to Mexicali and TJ as well although T.J. is Manhattan from a Sinaloa viewpoint. We stop in another town to eat, which ends up being some kind of abandoned factory turned into a food mall and bus stop. The entire building, a good city block and a half large, is one open floor, stuffed with a bizarre of food peddlers from raw fish to tamales or produce, it's all here in one form or another, and the place smells like it too. We eat on the second floor in a loft restaurant, complete with man cooking, daughters waitressing and gossiping, dad and friend sitting at the main table, which we join, and of course the dog sitting complacently on the kitchen floor.

It's maybe 9 am and 1 flight of stairs breaks me out into a shower of sweat. I get machaca and a coke and I slam the coke all the way down without effort, that's how dry it is. In fact, while on the road I often consume a gallon of water of more and do not need to piss. I haven't stopped to piss since I've been here, except at night, and I drink a lot. The road to uncle's house is uneventful until we turn off the highway (15) and into his pueblo. 

The road is immediately hazardous throughout the town, then turns to nearly hopeless as we pass the town and continue on this muddy narrow path like road. Easily an hour later after several curves that felt like we are going to turn over, and avoiding potholes that you could lose your dog in, not even trying to describe or count the places where the road is disintegrating into a cliff met 10 feet down by a creek, we hit a soft mud patch that sticks us in place. No reversing in and out or bouncing up and down will get up out this time. Everyone except the 2 grandmas that don't walk well get out of the car and push. Still nothing until about 15 minutes later a passing truck with 3 big guys in it stops and they help push. 

We do make it out, then they get stuck a bit themselves, but they have a full horsepower 4x4 pickup, a good 2 feet higher off the road, not a beat up 4 cylinder mini van with a temperamental transmission and a steering wheel with at least 6 inches of useless slack. There is really no good way to tell when moving the wheel is going to actually move the car, so even going down the highway in this thing is bad enough, now we are probably 50 miles from the highway on a road where dirt bike riders would pause to wonder about before crossing. But we do make it and are treated to a wonderful meal of tamales and coffee, and spend most of the day sitting in the shade of his big old tree watching hornets build nests. 

We find out when leaving that we took one of the tractor roads so we are careful to follow the path that has truck prints in it. I am over joyed when we finally reach the highway again, not to mention out town Batamobile. We go out for Tostadas and beer. I'm sure to sleep good tonight and they've promised not to wake me tomorrow. PS, did I mention that I have been driving this whole time? Bugs have stopped concerning me, except for mosquitoes. Aids might be worth it if it only fucking killed off the mosquitoes. More on the bugs later.

Woke up at 11:00 pm. A thunderstorm came in and took the power with it last night. We lit candles for awhile then just went to bed. Shortly before the storm, the twins Aaron and German makes a bomb using some kind of cleaning acid and pieces of an aluminium can mixed together in a plastic bottle. When the mix starts to turn black, run! in 2 to 3 minutes it blows.

2000 Aug 20 Sun:
After breakfast Teresa's we trudge through the mud to Amelia's. My guarachi's have had it so I switch to my new pair.So the bugs that have crawled on me so far are the common mosquito, very small but leave large welts, mosquas, crickets, grasshoppers, cucas, and the large flying roaches about the length of my palm, maybe 3 inches long. and pincher bugs, these little black beetles about the size of a pill bug and once a strange beetle sort of grey marble like, with little horns all over it's shell maybe an inch, oval shaped. When I tried to move it, the shell opened up, wings popped out revealing a green blue body, sort of the color of an oil slick reflection, rainbow prism like, not 1 color but a body that changed colors depending on where you view it. It flew off out the van window before I could get a  better look. The first night we were here, Shiela got spooked by a black mariposa = butterfly the size of my foot, 9 inches from wing tips and maybe 4 inches tall. At night, crickets are as common as flies. I've gotten to where I don't even try to squish them, it's pointless. 

Shiela I can tell, has calmed down about bugs a lot too. Luz however is about as squeamish as ever, she had me chase out a cricket last night. She also has recurring sensations/fears of bugs having crawled into her ears. She is mostly scared of pincher bugs and spiders. Sheila is mostly scared of frogs. I'm mostly scared of rats and snakes but I haven't seen either in town although I've run over one small and one big snake on the highway. The red ants here are pretty big, about half an inch, and have a needle prick like bite so it's better to flick them off then try to squish them. They'll only bite if you swat them and fail to kill instantly. I've seen a few lizards but no iguanas yet. I've been told that iguanas were common here a generation ago, but the meat is so tasty and they are so easy to catch, compared to a chicken I guess, that they are rare now. It's also illegal to eat, but that's not really enforced outside of restaurants. Amelia has killed an old rooster this morning. We'll eat it for lunch today. She, like most around here, cooks outside in a brick stove using wood for fire. The stoves are like park barbecue boxes and made of brick. Almost everyone also has a big cement tub and scrub area for laundry. They keep the cement tub full of water for occasions when they can't get water. This happens a few hours every week. Usually because some kid closes the main valve, or work needs to be done on the channel that provides all the house water (agua de casa). Drinking water is delivered in plastic barrels called garrafones "gar-a-phone-is". Ice = hielo is important enough to be it's own store in larger towns. They keep them in large log sized bars and chip away chunks as needed. They usually just change by eyeballing it. There is no good way to do it when someone wants a thermos or cooler full. Commercial outlets get charged per meter with a yardstick or by the truckload when they ship it crushed. They use a machine like a tree shreader that takes a log of ice and grinds it into snow where it shoots out of a tube into a truck on teh other side. It will devower an entire log in about 1 minute. The logs are about 4 foot long and a foot square.

There is a video club store in Batamote that has 1 videogame. Street fighter II or III. I'm not sure which because it's in a generic box. Very popular store that sells candy, snacks and sodas as well. They've also got a Billiard shed that has 3 tables in it/ Not bad for being about 3 miles from the nearest paved road. Satellite dishes and cell phones are still pretty common although I don't know how, as most people only make about 50 - 100 dollars a week. There is also an internet center in every major town. I haven't been in one yet, but I should next time I'm in town. There are also computer training centers that teach computers and host CBTs for everything from programming to English - Ingles. Germain has a couple of old 5 inch floppy diskettes, probably for school, when they're not in school, they usually net fish from the channel nearby, to sell, as they don't like to eat fish much. Their mom keeps a pot of beans going all the time. She makes a large pot and reheats it until it's gone, which it usually is every couple of days. Then she starts a new pot. All meals come with beans and tortillas. Teresa usually makes her own tortillas from a bag of mansa corn flour, just adding water and squish, then beat, but tortillerias are so cheap most just get them there. Hand made tortillas taste the best though. Tortillas = mais & arena. integral = wheat. The integral tortillas here have a slight taste of honey = miel. Maize (corn) are the most popular.

Jamica is boiled habiscus flowers with water and sugar, then chilled. Agua tamarino is NOT popular here, in fact German had never heard of it when I asked about it. It is very popular in Tijuana. Cheese, bread, and meat are all specialty stores, but the modern all-purpose supermarkets like Calimax and Gigante are moving in. Most of the guys either go into the military or the city when they turn about 18. Most girls hope to get married and have children about 1 in 10 go to college and only half of those who do graduate do anything other than work with their family & raise kids anyway. Ambioso in spanish is both ambition and greed. Ambition is seen as being selfish and generally bad. Providing for your family on the other hand is considered good, pretty much no matter how it is done. Go figure. Also any guy who by 30 hasn't either joined the church or gotten married is rumored as being gay, which is a major unspeakable problem here, where as being an alcoholic is fairly normal and shameless, not a good thing, but something that is joked about openly, man or woman.

Supposedly drugs like marijuana and cocaine are common in Sinaloa, they say that weed runs wild all over, but I haven't seen any signs of that and as far as I can tell, drugs are a big taboo, almost as bad as a child molester of homosexual, which are bigger taboos than adulterers and thieves. Alot of Sonic Youth running through my head today. This is a "home made" DIY, Sonic Youth kind of place. Topo Bampo is where we're of to today, back to the service for the lady who's husband passed away last week. Everyday for a month at 6pm they have this service which takes about 30 minutes. The roads are only 1/2 lodo today and I'm getting better at driving them. Its either not as hot now or I'm getting used to the heat. 

I have a hard time drawing "Nubis"(?) properly. I've got to start practising my backgrounds. Condorito seems like a good source, plain, simple, easy to understand, anywhere backgrounds. I don't plan on being a pro cartoonist, at this rate it's more like something I'll do when I retire. Maybe I'll take some more drawing classes at a JC in San Diego. Or painting? I don't like figure drawing because proportions are boring, circle here, circle there, horizon line, blah blah. 

The lady during service all speak the same lines, words in time, and if you stand outside like I do, it starts to sound like bees buzzing. Freaky, The songs all sound like variations of kumbaya. Dona Layla walked into a pole after the service because she forgot she was wearing sunglasses in the dark house (again) and couldn't see a thing. What can I say? Is it because she looks about 100? Somehow I suspect he's always been that way. Uneventful but relaxing day. Sleeping in until noon really helps. 

P.S.They feed you here whether you want to eat or not. We've had a lot of raspados today as well. Strawberry (fresas) koolaid & milk, frozen in a plastic bag. Also Platanas (bananas).

2000 Aug 21 Mon:
Up in the morning and off to Guasave again to get Tia Aradelia's truck registered. Ate Machaca burritos and slept the rest of the afternoon. At 5 pm we went to Topolobampo for the last service of the lady whose husband died a couple of weeks ago. I picked up some Negro Modelo, he charged a lot (120 pesos) but said to bring the bottles back for return, but wouldn't give me a receipt. Lucita is suspicious about that. Watched Judge Dredd then slept.

2000 Aug 22 Tue:
Up a bit later today to finish getting the truck registered in Guasave. Aron & German have school Mon-Fri 7-12. It's agreed that we leave to Mexicali no later than Sun 27th. I eat pescado Ranchero. It was really good. Steamed fish, must get this again.We then go to Tompobompo again and sit in the van as Amidala visits. We return to Amidala’s and I sleep a while, more Star Wars type dreams. I'm recruited as a pilot, not given training as the ship is autopilot. Vader visits with strange red hooded characters like some kind of committee, but the meeting is in his head. Very cool camera angles of everyone floating about in a black background. I try to go out to play cards with everyone but the mosquitoes just won't leave me alone.

2000 Aug 23 Wed:
I gave the background picture with the roses to Tia Teresa. What can  I say? I found out it's Thursday, I lost a day somewhere.

2000 Aug 24 Thu:
Slept in, woke up, ate, slept again. Got up in the afternoon, went to Amidala's house and sat around. Ate one of those sweet breads with the caramel like filling. Good stuff. Dull day. Drink almost all my negro modelo last night. Luz had one and I had one this morning plus 3 the other day with a total of 10. There is 1 left, that means I drank 4 last night.We played loteria lst night. Played dumpe today, got tortas, ate 2. not as hot and the mosquitos were less. Tere got a phone.

2000 Aug 25 Fri:
We've planned to go tomorrow Sat 26th early. Currently watching Hombre Arana (Spiderman) cartoons. Napoleon and crew should be here soon to go to Guasave one last time. Guaparine is where we end up after shopping in Guasave, it's just outside of Guasave along the creek. She's got a parrot, a dog, and at least 4 kids.

2000 Aug 26 Sat:
We take off at 7:30 and I drive all the way to a town a few miles north of Hermosillo, 15 - 2 change we stop at a hotel called San Carlos. It has AC & a good bathroom & a firm (stiff really) bed. I shower immediately after putting the bags in and sleep. An India Maria movie "presidente municipal" comes on. It's hard to sleep with it in, they keep laughing and Lucita keeps trying to explain things to me even though it's obvious I'm not paying attention. 

Nothing much happens except it rained for a bit, a little lightning. I start to get a cramp in my right thigh that lasts all night and I can't sleep on my right side. I dream of having "co-ersion" abilities that include minimal but multiple psychic abilities. I'm friends with Charles Xavier and accept his offer to council rouge. I'm able to get her to divide her power between sucking life force and transferring memories. Now she can touch people without hurting them. We achieve this by my scanning the mid of something simple: a cow scheduled for slaughter. Then I enter Rouge's mind as she sucks it down so I know what's happening. We do it again with my scanning tech impressed on her. She concentrates on that and can then control the difference between seeing memories and taking energy. I also fight with, but eventually help Logan remember what has happened to him. He's been wiped by the Agency that made him Weapon X, but they are not very good and it can be restored, with help. We also get Rouges parents and her old boyfriend / first victim talking again. A relationship develops between Rouge and the Coercer.  Xavier gets upset at Coerce resistance to becoming an X-man. Xavier fears another Dark Phoenix. Great Dream!

2000 Aug 27 Sun:
We arrive in Mexicali a few hours after leaving the San Carlos hotel. We stop once in a cafeteria in Santa Ana? and get chilaquiles con pollo. We get to Mexicali and it's NOT HOT!?! The sky has been cloudy all day, with a cold wind. We go to San Luis for Chinese food, and when we get back it's getting dark and hot. We play cards and the power starts to fail. The fans won't work, and the water runs out. I'm getting sick and have to go to the bathroom a lot, but can't flush. I try to go to sleep but it's too hot. We move to the patio because the house is so hot. I really want to go home but Lucita insists on staying most of the week. The power comes back on , we move back into the house and sleep.

Crickets are jumping all over me in the house. I lay on a cot that has a deep bend in the middle causing Lucita and me to clump together in the sweaty heat. I keep swatting at mosquitoes that Lucita insists don't exist here. She keeps freaking out over the crickets and cucas, grabbing a flashlight every few minutes. Cars drive by with music blaring and headlights in my face. A baby is crying incessantly and moaning about his head hurting (in English ?) Also the dog occasionally starts barking, maybe due to another dog's barking in the distance, which took me awhile to notice with all the other noises going on.

Dona Luz & Lucita keep jabbering, trying to talk as dirty as possible. I'm sick of it all and am half tempted to leave right then, but images of Dina, Lucita's half sister keep me in place. I don't want to ever be thought of as being like her. She would have left this vacation the first night in Sinaloa when she found out that we weren't going to Mazatlan, Cabo, or La Paz. I can't tell if that makes me more compassionate, or just gutless. These last 12 days have pushed me nearly to the point of rage.

2000 Aug 28 Mon:
I wake up at 8 and drink coffee with Abuelita. Lucita gets up and as soon as I tell her I'm leaving today we start fighting. Sheila gets up and they start fighting. Lucita is not pulling any punches. She gets her grandma involved has done laundry to postpone departure until they are dry and today is the 1 year anniversary of her mother's death. I asked if grandma would want to come with us to Tijuana and Luz says she can't because there is too much pressure there.

If the anniversary is significant, it seems to me that the family should be together and visit the gravesite, so I asked again in front of the grandma. She says she'll go to a church near Ejido instead.

The two little bites on my left forearm has turned into a rash area. I've put alcohol on it. It glistens and is spreading like poison oak. Doesn't feel or look like mosquito bites anymore. I feel trapped. Shackled by diplomacy, as if one false move could turn into a war, it's just a kiss away...kiss away. We reached a mutual non aggression pact, we leave tonight. We played cards throughout most of the day. It would be cool to open a PC gaming store in Mexico. Sell software, offer 6 month Tech Support guarantee = if you buy a game here and I can't get it running on your PC in an hour, I'll give you another game free. Play network games in house too.$5 per PC for 4 hour deathmatch. 

==========================
2001
==========================
I can't seem to remember this year. Pretty much just flying back and forth for work in Santa Clara and living in Ejido, MX. This is the year we build our house in Ejido I think, so my 3 days off are spent getting materials, then getting fixtures and furniture, many trips to Home Depot in Yuma, and local hardware stores.

=======================================
2002 
=======================================

2002 Sep 01 Sun:
Ordered 2 Pogues CDs and I got Debian and Mozilla to print. Jerry mailed my court payment for having an invalid license address, which makes me feel a little irresponsible, but I trust the guy. I made an illegal U-turn right in front of a motorcycle cop in San Diego while getting frustrated trying to find the Goodguys store.

2002 Sep 03 Tue:
Josephina and Ricardo visit, as Doña Luz returns from Sinaloa.

2002 Sep 04 Wed:
Gordy, Ricardo, Luz and I try to find something to do in Mexicali and end up killing time playing dominos and throwing back beer in a pool hall.

2002 Sep 05 Thu:
Back to work, study Python.

2002 Sep 06 Fri:
EMC Clariion put in by Doug Cajias at work.

2002 Sep 07 Sat:
Learn Outlook and profiles so I can read my EDS e-mail.

2002 Sep 08 Sun:
I get VPN & Outlook working.

2002 Sep 09 Mon:
Pogues CDs arrive: “Rum, Sodomy & the Lash” and (I forget which).

2002 Sep 10 Tue:
Rained hard, so we shopped in Mexicali at the mall.

2002 Sep 11 Wed:
Dona Luz gets Fidelia's boys to patch her roof with Tar and paper. 

2002 Sep 12 Thu:
Fidela’s boys clean the yard.

2002 Sep 16 Mon:
Take Jose & Luz from Tijuana to Ejido, and I saw Edith and Jason’s son Nicolas for the first time.

2002 Sep 17 Tue:
Started exercising in the bike and with the dumbbells.

2002 Sep 18 Wed:
Watched westerns with Jose.

2002 Sep 19 Thu:
I take Jose back to TJ on my way back to work.

2002 Sep 21 Sat:
Angela & Mario show up with Gabriel and we get drunk.

2002 Oct 03 Thu:
Fly to San Jose with Luz.

2002 Oct 04 Fri:
Luz takes bus to mall then walks to Ross.

2002 Oct 05 Sat:
I go to work with Luz.

2002 Oct 06 Sun:
I go to work with Luz.

2002 Oct 07 Mon:
Rent a car, go to Tahoe and stay at Harvey’s casino.

2002 Oct 08 Tue:
Luz & I go to the Ponderosa Ranch, see a gun juggler do tricks, then drive around lake.

2002 Oct 09 Wed:
Luz and I stay at Gina's in Livermore.

2002 Oct 10 Thu:
Return car, and go back to Dad's.

2002 Oct 11 Fri:
Luz is now very bored.

2002 Oct 12 Sat:
I go to work with Luz.

2002 Oct 13 Sun:
I go to work with Luz.

2002 Oct 14 Mon:
Back to Ejido with Luz.

2002 Oct 17 Thu:
Rent car in San Jose airport to go to SF tomorrow

2002 Oct 19 Sat:
Sound Tribe Sector 9 at the Fillmore. Mike gives me Reason 1.0.

2002 Oct 20 Sun:
I get Oxygen8 (little midi controller w/ 8 programmable pot switches) at Guitar Center in Santa Clara

2002 Oct 24 Thu:
Call in sick to work.

2002 Oct 25 Fri:
Angela & Mario show up with Gabriel and we get drunk playing poker.

2002 Oct 26 Sat:
Luz's birthday party. Banda band played 5 hours, I shot 2 tapes worth of video with the new camera.

2002 Oct 27 Sun:
Very hung over. I swear not to drink next month.

2002 Oct 28 Mon:
Stayed in the house, got hemorrhoids that hurt. 
(turned out to be fissure, but I didn't know that yet)

2002 Oct 29 Tue:
Got blessed at the ranch.

2002 Oct 30 Wed:
Got some prep H, first time (hopefully the last).

2002 Oct 31 Thu:
Flew to SJ, got 2 John Edwards books at SD airport "One Last Time" & ?. Asked by store clerk if I thought I was psychic.

2002 Nov 01 Fri:
No Jerry.

2002 Nov 02 Sat:
Jerry back, I played with "Reason" music software.e-mailed mike my 1st song.
I remember saying "I will consciously meet my spirit guide" this night, but I didn't get a quick reaction, so I went to sleep.

2002 Nov 03 Sun:
Mike mails back, but his Reason 2 song is incompatible with Reason 1.
Dreamed Lady's voice says jerking is blocking something.

2002 Nov 04 Mon:
home to Ejido, hemorrhoids are starting to go away.

2002 Nov 05 Tue:
see doctor about baby. Told to give sperm at the Novus lab.

2002 Nov 06 Wed:
Sheila came to visit. She has been very depressed and wants Grandma to heal her. I donated my sperm at the Novus lab.

2002 Nov 07 Thu:
Started reading “Opening to Channel” which, along with other similar types of books, suggests keeping a diary, and dream journal, so here it is. Finished reading “One Last Time” by John Edwards. The ending has a meditation that I want to record. The meditation starts with a peaceful setting, where a glass elevator appears, taking you up colored floors, into the white light. This is very clearly a chakra reference, but he avoids saying so, I guess to keep some folks from getting afraid. 

 I had an idea for a comic called “Dreams and the Like” about making spiritual contact. We' ll see how my contact goes. I' ll try to contact my “higher self” tonight. I have kept a calendar with some things that have happened, so I' ll include them here.

The flight from San Diego to San Jose was bumpy. It's raining here, with 30 mph winds. 

From here on there should normally be Dream entries.

DREAM:
This dream was really fun. I was in athletic health and ran across the Golden Gate Bridge just because it felt good. I had just left some kind of Hotel Bar on the beach. There was confusion over how much I was supposed to pay, so the barkeep/waiter gave me some kind of small dried plant to make up for any discrepancy.

RITUAL:
Using the following meditation from the "One Last Time":

Breath in to count of  6. Hold, out to count of 6.
See + signs going in, - signs coming out.
White light like the sun covers my body, then healing hands.
From feet up to head, the hands & light moves. Flex each area, then relax.
Unravel any knots.
Field of green grass and flowers. Pick a flower, walk to the stream.
Arms out, palms up. Hold up the flower and the wind blows off the petals, as it blows off negativity.
See a dark safe area, with a glass elevator that goes up. Each floor is full of a particular color of light:

01. Red
02. Orange
03. Yellow
04. Green
05. Swirling hot pink
06. Teal
07. Aqua
08. Blue
09. Purple
10. White
11. Gold Ray

Ask for your guide - see it's face. Thank them. ask for the guide's name. Ask "How can I help?" thank them.
Go back to the elevator, count down the above colors 11 to 1. Back to the field of flowers.


2002 Nov 08 Fri:
No luck last night (not consciously anyhow). Can't remember my dreams either. I was too tired to meet my "higher self/ guide" I guess. I tried again this morning but the alarm went off while I was still counting breaths. Last night I got up to visualizing the field of flowers. I don't feel bad about it. On reflection, I now feel like I've spoken with my higher guide before. Once when "the old guy" showed me the conscience/subconscious border and I stepped through to the conscience side and woke up. Another time when someone showed me the backside of dreams...throbbing swirls of light, and showed me how I make pictures out of them by thinking about the lights as if they were people and places.

The time at the Pentacles Cave camping park was a little different. I think that was an Indian/Native American guide who is tuned to that area. In any event, I am hopeful that I'll get this down yet. I think they want to talk to me just as much as I do them. Even if 'they' turn out to be me?!? 

RITUAL:
Tried meditation from the book "One Last Time", holding an image of a crystal ball for 5 minutes. The focus and relax parts.


2002 Nov 19 Tue:
Luz asks me to pick up Jose and Sheila. Sheila has been depressed lately and wants to see a psychiatrist. I take them to the clinic and wait in the lobby while I read Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. Two Police officers enter through the lobby and into the back office. There was no way for me to know they were there for Sheila. She apparently told her doctor she felt like killing herself, so he called the cops. Jose had talked her into revealing that she had been taking diet pills that her friends were able to score at a pharmacy in Tijuana. The police escorted her to Paradise Valley Hospital Emergency. I followed with Jose and we spent the day there waiting to see what happened. She'll have to spend 3 days and possibly month of therapy. I take Jose home to TJ, leaving the hospital around 7pm. I sleep in TJ then take Luz back home to Ejido. I don't remember my dreams that night. Getting home, I make spaghetti for dinner and work on collecting songs for the music swap with Aaron and Todd. Next week Luz says I'll have to stay in TJ as Dina is coming down to visit.

2002 Nov 20 Wed:
I woke up early and finished getting songs together for the music swap with Aron and Tod.

DREAM:
Dreamt I met a Mexican guy who asked me what I needed, like things for the house. He asked me to calm down, and asked if I wanted any mota. I told him it would be nice to have a little around, for relaxing, and he said he would work it out. I went home and there was some trouble I was having in the bathroom. 

2002 Nov 22 Fri:
Luz wants me to get a car, but my old car isn't here and I feel guilty to borrow my Dad's car, when suddenly she appears in my Mom's old white with flamejob van.

She picks me up and it is nighttime. We pick up Shiela and off we go onto a small dark road surrounded by farms. Luz has trouble driving it, nd runs right off the road when it came to a T. U-turning in the dirt, she then crosses over the road into a farmer's field of small crops and attempt to turn around there as well. I take over driving, noticing how the entire driver's seat shifts and moves to the right with the pull of a lever. 

Back on the road, it is now daytime and Luz asks me to pull upto what looks like an abandoned house. Inside Luz decides that the huge bag of dog food we find there would be good for whiskey and has me haul it out to the van while her and Shiela are gathering small things from around the house. On my way out, the owner of the house is coming in. I make a joke about being careful not to knock out a wall with the big bag which would make a patio out of her living room. She laughs and all is well as I realize Luz is her friend and we are not taking things from her but I have been manipulated into helping her move.

2002 Nov 23 Sat:
I've been called out to help save what looks like a baby hippopotamus(?) hippo. I'm waste deep in a stream. Luz is there and hands over the baby. I notice it is frozen stiff. I run it through the water and attempt to take it to a doctor. On the way I see Luz again and tell her that it needs to warm up. She holds it tight and down into the water, bringing it back up warmed, but it's mouth full of blood. I gasp and turn it over so that the blood spills out. It is a lot of blood. Turning it back over, you can see it's mouth full of bones and it is clearly dead.

Another part is about an old Jerry Lewis giving a serious speech to a large group of children who have never heard of him and who are extremely bored. He is slowly trying to slip into familiar comedy routines but it is not working. He is very nervous and it's sad to see. 

Another part I'm helping to run a house that is home to two rival gangs who have decided not to fight while they are in the house. The keep separate bedrooms. I do the shopping, sometimes cook, and clean the place, not part of either gang.

2002 Nov 28 Thu:
Something about sitting at a table outside, talking with Tracy (my old manager) about something I didn't agree with, when asked what I would do about it I childishly yell out, "why I'd have them eaten alive by their own family members".

Someone behind me at another table murmured something. I could vaguely hear them but couldn't understand what they were saying. I asked Tracy "What did they day?" but she shrugged me of with an "oh nevermind" kind of look. I think I woke up after that. I have a feeling there was more, but I can't remember it right now.

2002 Nov 29 Fri:
Playing WAR with a little soldier who fire real ammo, including little grenades. I was doing pretty good at first, but ran out of ammo and it looked like I was getting or going to get over run soon.  Turned into meeting someone who is a desk writer for a living. I didn't know what that was, so I guessed that it was someone who creates better work flow charts and procedures. 

Woke up. Luz has told me that my guide is a 10 year old child. Curious.

2002 Nov 30 Sat:
At Mike's house, me, Mike and some other guy who's face I couldn't see, were drinking beer and toking out when Mike shows us some free "tickets" (hits). We all drop and after awhile I decide to go to the store for snacks. Going down the road I nearly run a red light when I realize that the blankets I was wrapped up in were keeping my feet from  reaching the brake pedal. I also had the seat fully reclined. I make it back to Mike's with a big box of assorted snacks. 

Can't remember the rest.


2002 Dec 01 Sun:
I was on the toilet dropping a load. Someone was upset, they had found a snake in the house and had captured it in a box, they wanted me to get rid of it, so I dumped it into the toilet and flushed it. It doesn't go, so I flush it again and off it goes. The problem now is that it's in the tank and the lid to the tank is off. I can see it swimming around. It seems to have 2 heads, one at each end, but the larger of the 2 heads is not detailed and looks like it might be fake. Last night before going to sleep I felt like I was talking with someone, who may have been a guide, so I asked its name. I think I heard Toby. He was young, not sure how young though. Luz had told me my spirit was a child so that may have influenced me.

In the past I've spoken with someone who was pretty old, the guy gave me a tour of my own head. Showed me the back side of dreams which looked like throbbing, pulsing lights, then on the other side of the screen I saw people and places sounds, etc. He also showed me the line between being awake and asleep. I choose to cross the awake line and woke up. Then there was another time in the Pinnacles National Park when I spoke with an American Native who guided me through a tube/tunnel of light which gave me a lot of energy the next day. They were both definitely no children but it doesn't mean they stay with me either.

2002 Dec 05 Thu:
Mom's okay, back at home and walking. She had gone to the hospital, thinking that she might have had a slight heart attack or heart murmur.

2002 Dec 06 Fri:
I finished 4 of the Harry Potter books. "Philosopher's Stone", "Chamber of Secrets", "prisoner of Azkaban", " Golden Goblet". No more of the Potter paperbacks are out yet. I'm starting to read "Beyond Intuition" now. It also says to keep a dream vision diary.

Misplaced my dreams somehow. Alarm went off and I got right up. It was set for 7:15, leaving me no extra time. I'll set it for 7 because I've got to remember my dreams right away, sometimes, in order to write them down. Bummer.

2002 Dec 07 Sat:
I work at a restaurant. I'm not sure if it's my day off or not, but I buy wine and beers anyway. I go back home. I have been drinking and smoking pot. It's around 3pm except I don't go home, I go to Jason Melino's place, or it's kind of home, like we live together. The door is chained in place. Opening it I see Raven (from TJ) sleeping in front of the door. She awakes and I apologise but she is not upset. There is another girl there and Jason. They have all just gone to bed but didn't really want to sleep yet.

Jason makes a half apology about smoking my weed. I don't care, I make a joke about him saying "I've smoked up this weed to come hide that it isn't any good", or something like that. It breaks what little tension there is. Jason and I go to see a friend of his who lives in an RV outside of her parents house. She is very flirty with Jason and asks me not to look (jokingly). She is wrapped in a long grey strip of cloth that she now puts over her face in an odd pattern. I tell her she looks like Death In June and begin singing one of their toons. She is interested but doesn't know who they are, so I start to tell her the story of how they went into Bosnia during the war to help raise money while Liabach was fleeing from that area to London, but I can't remember Liabach's name. As I try and try to remember their name, It pulls me out of the dream. I finally remember, now half awake, I fall back into another dream about a lady who wants me to help fix her computer at home. We start to go to her house and my hitching a ride from an old pickup truck. There is another lady in the pickup who is friends with the first. The first lady tells the second what we are doing. The second asks me, "what is the challenge in repairing computers?" 

"Getting it done, and doing it cheaply" I honestly reply. They both laugh at this and I wake up.

2002 Dec 08 Sun DREAM:
I was tarzan running from a park security guard. Tarzan from the cartoon show, and the security guard was actually my friend, that chase was a bit of a game. the park was like disneyland. I started out on a swamp boat out to air island of mechanical gorillas, climbed up on a rooftop to hid/ Chased into a grocery store (still on swamp boats) and cornered by the guard and two of his friends. Their boats turned into chainsaws. I acted like I gave up, handing over my swamp boat/chainsaw, but actually made a dash out the back door, over the railing and into the lake among some other divers and swam off. I ended up on the shore of my old bedroom in Milpitas (2nd story room of Paul's house) where there was now a vast hilly desert. 

I ran off several miles then backed around the security guard, to hide near the curtains. Sounds confusing? Well it was. I woke up to use the bathroom. There was another part of this dream, but I forgot what it was while I was writing the first part down...oh yeah, I went to bed late one night, a work night.  I was living at my dad's house, but it looked more like my Mom's apartment in Milpitas. I got a phone call very early in the morning from some kind of judge. When my dad told me the call was for me, he also gave me a stack of papers that looked like some kind of contract. The judge on the phone was hard to understand. I couldn't hear him very well and what I could hear didn't make a lot of sense. I remembered something I did wrong  that the call might have been about (no idea what the wrong thing actually is, just a feeling of remembering it) I kept asking him to repeat himself. We were both getting annoyed with each other. By the time I got off the phone with the judge, my Dad reminds me that I've gotten no sleep, and if I was going to call off work. I had forgotten it was a work day, but told him I was going anyway. (I get the feeling there was more, but I can't remember more).


2002 Dec 09 Mon DREAM:
A car that clones itself. too many jumbled up images to write down. I have a cold. Maybe its a problem?

2002 Dec 13 Fri:
I finished Diablo II as Crass the barbarian. Shiela got re-admitted to the hospital for clinical depression. They are changing her medication. On Thursday driving up to San Diego, I had a shortness of breath spell for a minute after blowing my nose. After I felt light headed and a little dizzy. I almost pulled the car over. I turned and left off the cruise control. It made me feel very nervous.

2002 Dec 14 Sat:
Casino in Denver. Lady tries to get money from an AT&T calling card, using a computer. It's hard to follow and ends up costing more in service fees than to does to start a tab at the casino, so she starts a tab. Heading down to the pinball area, I notice that most of the machines are taken by thin middle aged black men who are all wearing the same blue windbreaker nylon jacket. I wander around.There was something else about doing something because he doesn't want to see a doctor, in front of the foot tapping legs from the "my three son's" TV show.

There was also something about coming back to work, but it was in a house. I went up stairs to the 2nd floor, where there was a loft.

A small whitish dog was there to greet me. A couple of women were there talking like "aw see that? He misses you"

The lady who was taking care of the dog was holding it now, saying it so energetic but should be sleeping soon. The little dog was squirming around the suddenly was a little girl maybe 2 years old,. The lady set the girl down, who crawled very quickly to the side of the TV set and fell asleep. A moment later the girl was up and pulling on the TV cables. I watched closely so as to undo any damage she might cause the cables. She quickly went to sleep again, the TV reset itself. The TV happened to be the old RCA ColorTrak set my mother had through most of my childhood.

2002 Dec 15 Sun:
I went to a trial or really a pretrial questioning because my birth father had killed my black step father after hearing that the step dad beat my birth mother. There was a fancy hand scanner that checked my finger prints to a database to correctly identify me. It scanned twice for accuracy. In another part I'm petting an extremely eager and friendly "spooky" the cat. I wonder where is "Frank" the cat? In another part I am playing a drumset and keyboard. There is an audience which I am doing my best to ignore, as I'm attempting to record my song. I'm not doing very well. I was very realistic.

2002 Dec 16 Mon:
Something about drying huge tortillas in the sun, in the front yard of some house I have never been to. Two guys came up to me asking for help making nachos. They were speaking spanish. They said buenos dias and I corrected Buenos Tardes. Jose was in the yard and started talking with them. I was feeding bits of the tortilla to Palomo and Chaparro (dogs).

I told them I didn't have any chips and made a joke about feeling free to wait for the sun to cook these tortillas I had laid out on the table, and Jose gave me this look, head shaking that said it's not nice to joke about it.


2002 Dec 18 Wed:
Something about Luz and me on my bicycle in a Mexican suburban neighborhood.

2002 Dec 22 Sun:
I started listening to relaxation tapes.

DREAM:
 I was working at a hotel, setting up laptops, projectors and sound for presentations. The guy whose system I set up had me take the equipment to his car and deliver it. He had an awesome Jaguar and the stereo had a bunch of great music. I get to the address and get out to find the building when I notice this moving truck come bumbling up the street. I rush back to the car to make sure I gave him enough space to park, when suddenly he hits the car (which is now a moving van also, and pushes it sideways to make room for him to park. I was very upset and swore to write down his license plate and report him, so I started searching for a pen…


====================
2003 
====================

2003 Jan 11 Sat:
Since December 23, Holidaze were crazy. Luz came up to Bay Area for post holidays with Dad, Gina/Mom’s, & Dina’s. X-mas @ Jose' s in T.J., New years with Doña Luz in Ejido. Made video of the house, showed Dad their copy, another for Brian "Bagman" Delimont.

DREAM:
I saw Jamal all grown up. He didn' t seem interested in seeing me though. I've been having dreams of being in high school.

2003 Jan 12 Sun:
Something about food…Flying in a small plane, into clouds only to have Blue Angels fly past me. Apparently flying into illegal airspace but didn' t know because the radio was on music and not air traffic. “gotta get upside down” seemed to mean wake up. Airplane was playing Neil Young's “Keep on rockin'  in the free world.”


2003 Jan 16 Thu:
Sheila fell apart, literally, and died. There was no fear or horror about it, it just seemed like something she decided to do.

2003 Jan 17 Fri:
Palm Pilot keyboard came in the mail. Installed okay, also installed Pippy, Python for Palm Pilot.

I was in my front yard of a house I owned, nice US Suburb type, taking large smooth river rocks from the street into my front yard. There was a radio announcement about how a new rule was going to be enforced to prevent people from taking all the rocks for themselves. I was aware that I was using them as a decoration around the lawn and felt entitled to them, also a little guilty about it. The house then turned into a store, I entered, and a small flint rock went rolling by me on the floor, which left an occasional spark in it' s trail. I bent over to pick it up when a salesperson asked me if it was mine. I said no then she replies, “yes it is, that' s the rock I sold to you last week.” I realized she was right and felt awkwardly guilty and slightly embarrassed both for the commotion and for being connected in the middle of the store. I felt like I was being judged as dishonest or hiding something.

2003 Jan 18 Sat:
There are two guys and two girls at a park. We are on a giant swing with bungee like straps. The guy next to me looks slim, long haired, and moustached. The swing is huge, like the sling ride at great America. During the ride I tell the guy that he looks like Freddy Mercury. We then begin to sing that “Oh baby. Just got to get out, just gotta get right out of here” tune that Queen does. Really rocking out and having fun on this ride. You have to hang onto the strap though, as there is no harness. Really fun, and a bit dangerous. Also earlier in the dream, Dad is driving my Mom's van and stops in front of the save a lot store in Chula Vista, to pick up Gina. There was some more about Gina earlier too.

2003 Jan 19 Sun:
I was playing a game with Don, a guy that used to work at 3Com. It was a combination video game & robot claw. You had to take out all these falling balls, and then collect these little plastic capsules. The game total was counted up not only by how many bubbles you burst, but also by how many capsules you could get with the claw and the value of coins or jewels contained within the capsules. A new REM song came on the radio at the end of the game. Don announced that it was “the first time the song had ever been aired” with much interest. I made fun of it saying, “so what, first time I heard it and already it sounds like all the others they have done.” Apparently Don had more capsules with more money, but I had won the game by bursting more bubbles.

2003 Jan 25 Sat:
 Gina' s birthday, flower basket sent from FTD' s website. I was unable to get back to sleep after playing the relaxation tape. I remember selling shirts to “the Soap Plant” in Hollywood, especially the last package that had yellowed somehow and weren't really up to standard. Somehow the guy still paid for them. That was the night Glenn took Brian, Keith & I to see the Cult open for Billy Idol in Irvine. We ate at the Atomic Café, a Chinese food place with a rocking punk rock jukebox. I remember seeing “Warm Leatherette” as my selection. I got lost in the parking lot for a long time. That was embarrassing, but the rest of it was great. Why didn't I keep making shirts? Why did I stop drawing on my pants? Well okay, I was poor and needed pants for work. I remember how much I grew to love the Misfits, Subhumans, and them how quickly that hardcore seemed childish as I got into Bauhaus, Joy Division, Sisters Of Mercy… but now I like them both equally, but not nearly as strongly as before. 

T-Shirt at Thinkgeek.com reads:
2B || ! 2B = "to be or not to be" (|| = OR, ! = NOT in programming "boolean" symbols)


2003 May 30 Fri:
I'm a security guard in front of a construction warehouse. I was in my early to mid twenties with shoulder length hair dyed red and stiff with gel. Two girls were passing out petitions and asked me to go with them when I got off work. I accepted and as I was climbing over the wall to go back into the construction area, I heard one of the girls talk to a friend who had just pulled up in a white car about how I called them “govs” because they had government petitions. This was taken as funny, but I was sure that I didn't say that. It didn't bother me that she said that though. Some guys walked into the lot without checking with me and the girls got upset at them, but I was relaxed and told them that it was okay. I woke up reminded of my old security job at the Holiday Inn.

2003 Jun 02 Mon:
I told myself that I would not drink any alcohol for the month of June, both as a way to lose weight and get healthier. I start taking the liquid vitamins.

2003 Jun 03 Tue:
Dream: Some guy giving directions is all I can remember.

2003 Jun 04 Wed:
Dream: Something about Hitler and one of his comrades. Something about “new discovery in chemistry will change the way we travel.”

2003 Jun 05 Thu:
Dream: Certain letters in the English alphabet are based on the Angelic and have power, the others are not used. Example: A = all seeing pyramid symbol found on the dollar bill. –plain  Can' t remember the rest.

2003 Jun 06 Fri:
Dead sleep, ripped awake by the alarm, no dreams remembered. Went to Berkeley Psychic Institute for a reading and healing.

2003 Jun 07 Sat:
Dream: Kevin and Cynda were in it a bit. A fork in the road. Lots of symbols. Flashing , changing symbols. Cynda apologizing for their laughing at me when I was hysterical the other night. I felt that I wasn't hysterical. I was being funny and expected them to laugh. A dog, maybe in a bed? A dog wanting to be close to me? Was I babysitting the dog?

2003 Jun 08 Sun:
Dream: Don' t remember dreams, woke up late and in a hurry for the airport. Got Tarot book “Spiritual Tarot” & travel deck at Border' s during lunch break.


2003 Jun 09 Mon:
Dream: I was filling the air mattress with water. I opened a wooden fence gate, and a dog, which looked like Negra, tried to pass under me. I stopped it, told it that it was rude to do that, and then let it go. The dog was trying to catch some kind of rabbit that had jumped and squeezed its way through a knothole in the far side fence.


2003 Jun 11 Wed:
Don' t remember dreams well. Each night there seems to be a lot of quickly moving information. I get the feeling that a teacher is dictating a lot of lessons to me. I feel I'm playing catch up or cramming for an exam, mostly recap material.

2003 Jun 12 Thu:
Dream: Drove Mike and Tania downtown in their old Nissan stick shift. We saw guys buying 32oz s one at a time and frequently borrowing bottles for their return from each other (like caguamas in Mexico). We go to some guy's little apartment and meet Jeff Uly there. I guess we drink there too, as before I know it, it's 3:00 am and I know I' ve got to be at work at 5:00am, so I drive them home. There is some concern about my ability to drive as I screech out of the driveway, but I tell them “It' ll be alright as soon as I' m out of downtown. Downtown San Jose is the worst”. I drop them off home and the next thing I know I' m back downtown. I start walking home, realizing it' s a long way, and then remember that I drove. By this time I' ve walked to 280 and Market streets. I stop and think, “Where did I park?” What happened to the time? Did I black out? I begin to walk back for the car…I don't remember more of the dream, but I get the feeling there is more.

 
2003 Jun 13 Fri:
I don’ t remember my dreams. I wake up thinking how good my back feels. I' ve been doing some yoga for a couple of weeks and used to have a rather stiff back each morning, but now it' s going away. Then I remember thinking of Cynda, Kevin Liebel' s girlfriend & our first roommate. She seems like such a sad case. I remember her adamantly feeling that standing in front of the face of God was something that she considered blasphemous and was nervous about. I felt sorry for her for that, and her general fear of the world. Cindy Palmer, a.k.a. “Cynda”. I think I'll get the Beatles “Abbey Road” today. I once gave Cynda a Beatles flute music book. 

2003 Jun 14 Sat:
Had lunch with Mom at TK Noodle. She lent me Rosicrucian book. 

Dream:  I tell Dad I'm going to be out all night. I'm actually sleeping some other place that night, but I return to his house late at night because I forgot something. I enter through my bedroom window so he won't notice me, but there he is, sleeping in my bed. He hears me and wakes up saying something like “ you know that big crucifix you keep by the bed? It works for more than just a cross” he makes a striking motion with his big wooden white fake marble covered crucifix, as if used like a club to defend himself with. He adds, “Someone tried to break into the church next door.” “Broke a window.” Alarmed by the news, I go outside to investigate. It is daylight out now, and I see this guy lying in the driveway on the side of my Dad's house (which looks like Jamal' s old apartment complex). 

I wake the guy up and ask if he's the one who tried to break in. He answers, “yeah, hurt my leg too.” I tell him “wait here!” and go back into my Dad's place to tell him and call the police, but the burglar starts following me, trying to explain. “Wait here!” I yell, but he keeps following. I am only a little concerned, but not scared of this guy, who is pretty skinny, tired, and generally weak looking. I call to my dad, “look who I found outside”. The burglar is right behind me. I yell, “I told you to wait!” He keeps trying to explain, so I pick him up and threaten to throw him over the stairway railing (we are just outside the door of Jamal's apartment, 2nd floor). My dad says “it ‘plain s alright, let him go” so I drop him rudely onto the stairs. “Bring him in!” dad says. I help him up and into the apartment. My dad is very excited saying, “Who-hoo, we caught him. We actually caught him!” 

No one seems to be afraid of this guy, who looks like a combination between Edith's husband Jason, and Kris Kristofferson (the 70' s actor). There was something about the burglar representing a computer virus. As if after the dream scene I was talking to myself about what it meant. There were also thoughts about ‘plain psychic vampires' , which might have come from my reading about magick shields and a sword of fire that burns off all negative connections without disturbing positive cones.


2003 Jun 15 Sun:
DREAM: 97 degree? Could be from reading about 93 current being connected with Thelema somehow. I briefly remember quite a bit of my dreams, but it' s gone in a flash.


2003 Jun 16 Mon:
Flew back to San Diego, picked up Luz in San Ysidro, drove to El Centro to get a hitch. They wouldn't do the wiring, so went to Yuma, Jeep dealer said they'd put the hitch on tomorrow. Got hotel room at Motel 6, saw Matrix Reloaded.


2003 Jun 17 Tue:
Got a new fuel pump at the Jeep dealer, they said they didn't have the wiring kit, so we got the hitch installed at PepBoys in Yuma.

Dream: I was at an airport with Todd Clark. Todd was in an Army dress uniform. We were early and they announced our flight was going to be late, so I decided to go back home and change my shoes. I get home, my Dad is there, but the place does not look like my dad's place, it looks kind of like Sean's aunt Jackie's house. I put on my black docker shoes, and realize that was barely have enough time to make it back to the airport. Either going home or back to the airport, I remember telling Todd something about needing a snow parka like the 80's mods used to wear (green on the outside, orange on the inside, fur lined hood).

2003 Jun 18 Wed:
Looked for trailer in Yuma. Slept at Palomar Inn in Chula Vista, I'm going to get a trailer and Luz's sisters tomorrow.

Dream: I was at some teen hangout, a pizza place maybe. There was this short "goofy-geeky" kid that was getting ignored by the others. I went up to him and he started telling me this story of knights and kings, D&D type stuff. I started to help him put his ideas into character classifications, like lead and support characters, then relating them to the Tarot. One of the "cool" teen guys was making fun of shorty in front of one of the popular girls. I stood up and defended shorty..something about how adults treat children shows their true nature (the memory of what was said is hazy)."Shorty" looks kind of like this kid Matt from when I went to Sunnyvale Jr. High.

2003 Jun 19 Thu:
Called in sick to work for Dona Luz's birthday. Got 4X8 trailer in Vista. Picked up Josefina and Sheila at Ruben's and drove to Ejido.

2003 Jun 20 Fri:
After the ranch, and buying tarp in Hermosillo, off to Puerto Penasco to celebrate Dona Luz's birthday

2003 Jun 21 Sat:
Spent the day at the beach, forgot to put sun block on my shoulders and back, which gets very burned. I refuse to take Shiela and Gordy out to dance. They act like they are going to take a cab to a club, but never do, they return to Socorro's house half and hour later. I go to sleep early, feeling kind of sick and extremely tired from the sunburn, which is very painful.

2003 Jun 22 Sun:
Shiela gets mad at Dona Luz, takes bus back to TJ, Gordy follows her. We drive around Penasco a bit.

2003 Jun 23 Mon:
Returning to Ejido from Puerto Peñasco.

2003 Jun 24 Tue:
Dona Luz working at ranch. My back is still burnt and hurting.  I started this diary. Painted a fish in the bathroom. We celebrated Dona Luz's birthday. I played guitar and sang "happy birthday to you".

DREAM: Sold my cell phone to a guy in a hotel. I left the phone in the hotel room for him to pick up, then had a hard time reaching him to make sure that he had picked it up. There was some confusion over if I had lost the phone or not. Then there was something about getting glasses. Just a light prescription lens for use, “when reading more than a paragraph at a given setting”. Later, there was something about erasing “loose strings” around my mental image (some object I was imagining) with a Photoshop style eraser, as if painting on the computer. Later, my Mom, Sister, and I approach a house. The garage door is open, and a minivan is parked inside with the family in it, as though they had just come back from a trip. The family is fighting or maybe playing really aggressively. A guy pushes a girl, knocking her to the floor. My sister yells, “Hey!” and the guy runs off. One version of my sister runs after him and begins yelling at everyone to stop and calm down. At the same time, the other version of my sister starts criticizing about how she would want to take control of any chaotic situation, even when it is not her family. The family gets out of the car and goes into the house, Mon and I follow, carrying some bags into the house in an effort to help. I can't figure out where to put anything. My mother says, “that bag is Charlemagne' s”, which surprises me. I thought that we were just passing by, but it turns out that they are friends of Gina and Robert. There was something else about Robert, but I don't remember what it was.

2003 Jun 25 Wed:
wrote down the YOGA routine. Going to Home Depot in Yuma to get the last of the closet material, and to take Doña Luz & Fidela to Cocopah.

Drea: I sold my cell phone to a guy in a hotel. I left the phone in the hotel room for him to pick up, then has a hard time reaching him to make sure he had picked it up. There was some confusion over if I had lost it or not. Also, something about my getting glasses. Just a light prescription lense for use "when reading more than a paragraph".

Erasing losses strings around my mental image with photoshop style eraser. My Mom, sister and I approach a house.The garage is open and the family is fighting or fight playing? Really aggressively. A guy pushed a girl, knocking her to the floor. My sister yells "Hey!" and the guy runs off. One version of my sister runs after him and begins yelling at everyone to stop and calm down. At the same time, the other version of my sister starts talking about how strange it is that she would want to take control of any chaotic situation, even when it's not her family.

The family gets out of the car and goes into the house. Mom and I follow, carrying some bags into the house in an effort to help. I can't figure out where to put anything. My mother says "that bag is Charlemagne's" which surprises me. I thought that we didn't know who these people were, that we were just passing by, but it turns out that they are friends of Gina and Roberts. There was something else about Robert too, but I can't remember what.

2003 Jun 26 Thu:
Dream: A group of police has pulled over a car, apparently for a ticket. On closer inspection, it can be seen that they're not real police. Looks like a gang of car thieves have got security cares and uniforms that look like CHP. A radio announcement comes on during one of their car heists. It is an actual emergency. The fake officers suddenly get really nervous because an emergency call means that a recorder has been activated and they will get caught. Suddenly a strange noise fills the car. Many cops begin clenching their eyes and covering their ears as though in pain. I wake up hearing horrible noises coming from the water pipes from my Dad's neighbor' s place.

2003 Jun 27 Fri:
I get a Janus letter and decide to keep the Mutual Fund account open and depositing $4000 into it. 

Dream: In a house alone, the Lakewood house I think. Luz is going to the house soon. I seem worried about something, a little nervous…it' s dark, early night.

2003 Jun 28 Sat:
I had a phone meeting with Pat Dement, who wants more training time from me. I can't decide if I should start looking for EDS work in San Diego, or just get laid off and use the unemployment as a vacation.

Dream: My mom, sister, and I are that the house on Naglee. I was drawing, Gina was on the phone & Mom was sleeping. After she wakes up, Gina and I tell her what we have been doing. While Gina was talking to her I started playing with some decorative fishhooks, and got one stuck into my right index knuckle. As I pulled it out, it ripped my knuckle skin back and bled a lot. Later Luz was talking about a mystery and how to catch the culprit by looking on the bottom of his shoes (?).

2003 Jun 29 Sun:
I decide to return to studying the A+ CBT on EDS University site.

Dream: My jeep is stuck in the mud. I go through a checklist to get it out…a bed, like a doctor's examination table, with enclosed case playing music to get me to relax…Gina' s friend' s daughter is really pretty and we started to talk. I tried to get her to laugh, as she seemed nervous and shy. I' m riding some kind of horse drawn cart. The horse stops, turns to look at me, and it' s not a horse at all. I don' t know what it was. Kind of a horse sized dog or something. Then it seems I'm bareback riding the dog. It' s very friendly but gets tired, turns smaller, into normal dog size, and rolls over scratching it's back on the grass. The reigns turn into a leash. I hear a friend' s voice say, “pig are great, but it' s hard to get them to do what you want them to.” I' m thinking PIG? I love this guy, whatever he/she/it is. I'm driving my jeep and spot this strangely dressed red haired girl. I turn around to try to see her face but can' t. I' m thinking its Rachel, as I'm in San Diego and she was last seen living there. I can't see who it is, and now she is going down a store' s alleyway. I park the car and get out to go take a closer look. Then I stop and think, what if the girl is Merrick? I turn around and start running for the car hoping that I can get away before I' m spotted. As I' m running back, I see two girls running the opposite direction from the same store alleyway. We see each other and both immediately stop running. The girls start to laugh about it. I chuckle at bit about how silly it all is myself.


2003 Jun 30 Mon:
I got oil changed, engine flush, new drive belt, and mailed the Janus letter on my way home. I also stopped off at Movie Traders. They are now calling it Mojo.

Dream: Playing video game with Mike. I realize I'm not at the beginning stage and start the game over. The intro credits / title page = Capt. Bartholomew and looks like a pirate version of Bart Simpson. When the game starts this time, it' s live and I'm really doing things like sailing a ship that has 2 fuel tanks/rocket engines. I sail to another island and ground the ship hoping to work my way back to the original landing point. It' s a strategy to make things easier, but on my way back to the beginning I get lost. There is something about having to jump over huge pits, being spun around many times & avoiding huge fireballs. Them I' m in a room where my game character has become like a pinball and the bedroom has been transformed into its environment, a huge pinball game. It seems more like a hot wheels or slot car setup, but sounds like pinball. Mike is there too. It' s on the 2nd floor. My character falls over the railing. I go downstairs to get him to notice cooked spaghetti noodles on the floor. I throw them up and they stick on the roof. (they must be ready!).There was something about having to clean up Tania' s underwear that I was annoyed about. Mike didn't see the pasta stick to the ceiling. I got a little nervous, but it finally fell off the roof. A line of people was going to the dream doctor?

2003 Jul 01 Tue:
Dream: Mom & I are at an airport in a storm. Family waits to hear about delayed flight that the second half of the family is on. They ask "which way is Fair Oaks?"

Setting up special effects photography by placing a bunch of objects on a glass table and placing the camera under the table. The photos look like they are very old, but they are actually new.

I was working at a Bakery, a major chain factory like Nabisco. Ed Change was there doing inventory in the machine parts room that was dimly lit. I was able to turn some lights on for him to see better. I entered a room that was part of production. There was an area with random products. Could be reject items of other misplaced items. I lifted a metal bar and took out some oreo cookies to eat. Shortly after production stopped. At first I thought it was my fault. A guy I worked with at Holiday Inn (a bus driver, I think his name was mark?) tried to get a cookie conveyor to start. When it didn't he wanted to wreck the place but I calmed him down.

I tried calling the support line, but it wasn't working. There were other co-workers wondering what to do too. I remember that I used to work atteh help desk and walked over to 3Com's datacenter. Jerry was supposed to be there but instead there was only Pat. Pat wanted me to call someone, anyone. I couldn't think of who, so I called my sister. When she answered the phone, she began talking to me like I was someone at their work that she had previously spoken with and was finishing the conversation. After I told her who I was I said that I was just calling to make sure the phone was working. I get another call, its Jerry's wife. I put her on hold and Jerry appears from under a desk to take the call.

2003 Jul 02 Wed:
Dream: I'm in an old house in downtown San Jose. Luz has dyed her hair black. I pace around the house a bit, and then decide to go out. I' m taking off my shoes on the sidewalk because there are rocks in them. They are black shin high boots. I ask a cab driver where the nearest Greyhound bus station is, and then I get a ride from him there.


2003 Jul 03 Thu:
 I am doing this meditation before going to sleep: Golden white light touching my head, then throat, chest, stomach, pelvis, feet, and then all 6 at once. I image the light flowing from my head, down my left side as I exhale, across my feet, and up my right side back into my head as I inhale, 3 times. At the 4th go around, the light gathers at my feet and slowly starts to flow up the center to my head then out and around, falling down outside my body and back into my feet, just like a water fountain. <- I now know this to be called the middle pillar exercise.

Dream: An image of myself like a Joel Nakamura painting stretches out 3 pages long, like a centerfold picture. In the painting, I've got wings coming out of the sides of my head, as if my body were representing the caduceus symbol. In another part, I'm in Jason Melino' s apartment. He is sleeping. I' m looking for buds. I find some but I have to sort through alfalfa sprouts that look like they have just been pulled out of a garden, as they are moist and dirty. I keep eating these Avocado sandwiches and trying not to make any noise that would wake Jason up.

2003 Jul 04 Fri:
Dream: I' m at Great America with my school. We are playing Basketball. I am getting frustrated at not being able to take a shot. I grab the ball firmly with one hand and knock my way through and make the shot. The court turns into a large conference theater that is full of high school kids. One of them has just announced what her parents nickname is for her. Most laugh about this and she begins to cry. I approach to console, but she quickly gets over it. I stand over her. She is in an ice ditch (as if the floor of the theater is made of ice) with a big metal tub of bags of something. I've been given a large handful of talcum powder, which begins to slip through my fingers until I've dumped it all over her tub of bags. She says, “you better clean it up” and I agree to in a happy, friendly mood. I jump into the ice pit and start taking out bags. People pass by and pick the bags up as if the bags contain information about the meeting. The meeting is over and everyone is exiting. Outside is Great America at midday. I exit too. Many are gathered just outside the meeting room. I grab a bag of peanut M&Ms and put them in my pocket. I walk out to see the park. I not how silly it is that most of the people here don't get out and explore the park. They are all socializing in front of the meeting room, which looks like a food area with plastic table benches. 

Rounding a corner, I see people cooling themselves in this large puddle of water that is covering the walkway, under the shade of roller coaster bars that stretch overhead.  I continue on and see Luz. She's happy to see me and she is completely wet. She takes me to an area that drops off into deep water and asks me to go for a swim. I'm nervous about getting too wet as I' m supposed to return to school, but I go anyway. It is so nice to see Luz relaxed and happy.

2003 Jul 07 Mon:
Dream: I' m at a large and very crowded bus station with Luz. I fall asleep with Luz and our bags and when I awake, Luz and her bags are gone. Could she have left? I look all over and finally catch a glimpse of her waiting in line in the women's bathroom, when the door swings open as someone exits.

2003 Jul 08 Tue:
Dream: How the tractor affects Russia. The Russian farmers saying how the Tractor “Digs like a bear”.

2003 Jul 09 Wed:
We were planning on going to Yuma to buy a part for the water pump which is leaking again, but we don' t because Dona Luz is feeling bad, we might got to the doctor instead. Later that night, after D.Luz refuses to go to the doctor, we are playing dumpe. D.Luz wins the most as usual, but doesn' t seem to be concentrating as well as usual, keeps forgetting who dealt the cards. As we are all going to bed, Fidela knocks at our door to tell us that D. Luz is vomiting, and can't breathe or talk. Luz calls Maggie, and we all rush down to the hospital in Tecolote, where we meet Maggie and her sister. Half an hour later, they tell us to get the Ambulance, which Maggie and I do, which proceeds to take D. Luz to the “Social Seguro” in San Luis, on Constitution street. We follow in hot, high speed, red light ignoring pursuit. Arrive in San Luis around 1am. I try to sleep in the car around 3am. Can' t remember dreams as I don't really sleep very well, I’m up at 6am.

2003 Jul 10 Thu:
Took Nana Chui home around 6am, Maggie home around 7am, and sleep at home alone from 8-10am. In between taking phone calls from Josefina and Jose. I call and cancel the airplane and rental car, then work. I return to the hospital around 11am.

Luz' s Aunt Teresa, Aaron, Amelia, Jacobo, Luzyano & his wife, all show up at the Hospital and come back to Ejido to stay the night. We stay at the hospital well past visiting hours as the family from Mexicali show up around 8 pm, so we talk with them for a couple of hours. The little boy Luis “Hulk” has everyone laughing. The little girl has no hair because she likes to pull it out.

Dream:  I remembered when I 1st woke up, then quickly forgot it.


2003 Jul 11 Fri:

2003 Jul 12 Sat:
We buy a pillow and fan for Dona Luz. Nana Chui does not show up at the hospital and that bothers Luz. I go home with Fidela, as Amelia, Teresa, Aaron go to Mexicali to see the family' s house there. Luz is staying at the hospital with Dona Luz. Watched “Brotherhood of the Wolfs”, not bad, at least it' s different. Based on true story “Beast of Givore” or some place like that.

Dream: A guy & girl are making large (2' X3' ) “cartoon like” watercolor paintings. The guy speaks to me about the high cost of the watercolor paper pads. I start to clean some of the red paint mess on the table and accidentally fold over a corner of the guy' s latest work that is still drying. “Sorry about that” I say. “Never mind” he replies as he uncurls the corner, “ just leave it a mess, it works better that way”. The girl shows me some of her latest paintings. One of them looks like a large octopus with a cartoon face. She knows Eric “red dog” Ryder. Somehow they know him as “red dog”. I' m then in a gallery, looking at African style art. The exhibitor is a black man in an African gown. I say to him something like “It' s been my experience that black art has broken ground for cultural art, like Asian and Latino art, in America.” Next I'm petting a cat, while someone is giving it some water. The cat loves the water and stands in the sink while the water begins to cover him. He sits there while the water goes over his head, just to poke is nose out. When the water recedes, I start lathering him with shampoo. He actually likes it! I' m sitting backstage at a school function. A group needs some volunteers for a scene in their play, so I offer, and I'm given a WWII helmet. I find myself in a Nazi uniform, and march across the stage. At one point I stumble a bit as the path across the stage is very narrow. I look like this actor kid in a movie I saw. I can't remember the movie title, but it' s got Bill Murray in it. It was about a kid who puts on a Vietnam war play at his school. He and Murray' s character both had feelings for the same woman.


2003 Jul 13 Sun:
Up early to go back to the hospital to see Luz. Theresa, Aaron, and Amelia left to go back to Sinaloa. Fidela is staying at the hospital tonight, Luz is back home.

Dream: I am walking down the street and this guy gives me this big piece of metal for Jerry. It seems like a metal screen door or something like that. I take it to his house, which is the same as the house I used to live at in Lakewood, Sunnyvale. I sneak into his house, leave the door unnoticed. I being to leave and Jerry notices and wants to thank me, but I want to get away before he catches me and I quickly turn the corner and begin running down the block. Around the next corner, I decide to jump over the block, and I keep going, not landing until I reach Lawrence Exp. & 101.

In another part of the dream I' m driving Tim (Jerry' s son), Luz, and a couple of girls to go see the “houses on the water”, which is an area where trees grow out of this lake, and people have built houses in the trees. There are elegant houses and some that are so strange that they can really only be called art. I give Luz a small gift that was passed to me by one of the girls. We go shopping, and the same girl wants to buy Luz a gift. The store starts out as a sex shop. The girl asks to see an item, some kind of string of pearls soaking in a jar of oil. The price is was too high. The store turns into a makeup store, and a small makeup item is selected as the gift, but the girl does not have enough money to get it, so I make up the difference. I don't mind as I feel this is justified by my giving this girls original gift to Luz as though it was my own.

In another part of the dream I' m at the girls house. I don't know which girl, or even who the girls are. We are telling jokes, and I say something about calling the police on one of the girls, she replies that they'll need an authorization form, and go into the routine from the movie “Brazil” where the AC repair guys want to enter Sam' s house, but they haven't got the 27B-6 (or whatever it was called) form, but they don' t think that is funny has they haven' t seen the movie. I begin to explain to them about the movie, and the frustration of saying something funny that no one else can understand.

2003 Jul 14 Mon:
 Another day at the hospital, and I'm almost finished with “Middle Pillar”.

Dream:  A big rock is coming, but we pay for some of it now, so it's not so big when it gets here. I wake up thinking about the first time I saw Luz, remarking how I liked her boots with a thumbs up. Then I remember when Jeff says he' d want to hit Luz the next time he saw her. I think of how Melissa was so persistent in wanting to talk with Lawrence at the club that night and how she didn' t fight with him when he held her back from fighting with Luz.

2003 Jul 15 Tue:
Back to hospital Social Seguro. The new road to Ejido was finished and cleared of roadblocks today.  Did the Qabbalistic cross, LBRP, Qab cross again, short middle pillar, before sleeping tonight.

Dream: Something about clearing rocks from the aura? There was also something about getting the name and using the name to help clear the aura? Like clearing rocks from the street helps the traffic flow more easily down the road. An image of a new road with rock piles, and the difficulty of driving down the road is shown as an example. Then rocks are cleared and driving is easy. 

Repairing a hinge on the door. I'm looking at this door hinge that UI feel is just a great job and perfect example. I want to take a picture of it. The hinge is also covered with a metal plate. The bolts are sawed off just passed the nut, then soldered in place, filed smooth, and painted. There is pride in this like the metal door I installed for Dona Luz. 

2003 Jul 16 Wed:
up at 4:30am and feeling nice and awake. I think it's because I drank 4 glasses of iced tea at the Chinese restaurant late last night. Dona Luz returned home. I' m trying to make a CD of the BPI reading.

Dream: I' m with Luz after eating strawberry smoothies out in Mexico or maybe poor suburb in the US. I'm in my car and we leave the area because I don't like to eat in front of all the really poor children. After finding a spot and eating, Luz sees someone coming and ducks down. She does not want this person to see her. An ex boyfriend I wonder? I decide not to ask about it. At first I want to meet him, then I think it better if I don' t. Luz and I are expecting $3000.00 dollars from on of her uncles. I start asking about when we' re going to get paid. She says her uncle promised to show us the money today. Just then, a strange looking craft appears in the sky. “That' s what your uncle bought,” someone says. The spaceship looking jet suddenly disappears. Someone says, “look over there!” suddenly these clouds move in the sky. Oh, the ship can cloak itself and look like clouds, very clever! It then flies by and drops a bomb that detonates and blows up a baseball field from my old Jr. High school. Then military jet fighters fly out to attack it, also these little remote controlled flying saucer ships start flying after it too. I understand them to be top-secret US military ships. Something about Maple Tree Inn. I' m telling someone how this is the original building and there weren't any others that I know of. I' m working at the front desk.


2003 Jul 17 Thu:
Dream: Currently reading "the magic in your mind", which gets me to think of some questions for the ring: 1. Are you for me? Y 2. Am I here for you? Y. 3. Are we the same person? Y. 4. Am I God? Y. 5. Are you God? Y. 6. Can I find answers by imagining that I am the problem? Y. 7. Is reality a property of my imagination? Y. 8. Is separation an illusion? N/A
Got Merkabah video and it' s inspiration “The book of knowledge: The keys of Enoch”. I got into my Dad's house @10:30pm with a message from Pat on my cell to be in to work by 3:00pm. Alfred is sick & Eric is on vacation, so I' m staying up. Gnosticism is getting more and more interesting. Bob Fissel' s merkabah and Melchizedek seem to be linked to the Gnostic way and the book of Enoch, and is likely where enochian magick originates. Somehow this is related to the Qabalah, Hermeticism, etc.

I asked myself via the ring the previous 8 questions plus: 9. Is the merkabah for me? Y. 10. Is the book of Enoch for me? Y 11. Is the book “the keys of Enoch” for me? Y 12. Is Gnosticism for me? Y 13. Should I continue to speak to you via the ring? Y. 14. Is masturbation okay? Y. 15. Is contemplating higher things during masturbation okay? Y. Then I asked some conflicting questions to make sure that there were not any physical things, separate from me, that were causing the circular motion or preventing a back and forth motion: 16. Are you bad for me? N. 17. Are you and I separate people? N. 18. Can I contact my guide through the ring? Y. 19. Are you and my guide the same person? N. 20. Can I talk to my guide through you through the ring? Y. 21. I said “this is great, do you like this? (talking through the ring) Y.

Tape credits: www.affs.org/video.html (distributor); Merkabah: Voyage Of A Star Seed www.eyewithin.com (studio) ©1998 Academy for Future Science; www.keysofenoch.org/html/videos.html; www.heaven.net.nz/writings/enoch.html.

Enoch is the grandfather of Noah. The book of Enoch is a pre Jesus (a.k.a. Yehovah?) Christian gospel. The Book of Enoch was recovered in 1773 in Ethiopia, with first English translated printing in 1821. Considered “apocryphal” a.k.a. hidden or secret. Ezra 14:44 mentions 94 books, 24 = the Old Testament, were to be published. 70 were to be for the wise only = esoteric.

2003 Jul 18 Fri:
Dream: Luz, some others and I are in Mexico. We're going to go look for a restaurant. We are in a small and unknown town. I get separated from Luz. This group of Women walks up to me as I pause to rest on the trunk of a fallen tree. One young thin large breasted woman steps towards me saying how she felt sorry for me and would cook me something. She is very flirty, and rather seductive. I' m back with Luz. She has found some kids playing catch with a baseball, a boy and a girl who seems to be his sister. They have agreed to help us fix our car. We run back to the car as they follow in their car. At the car there is this macho guy with a moustache and military uniform the others are calling “El General”. He is having one of this group try to fix the car, but the guy knows nothing about cars, and only proceeds to make things worse by pulling out cables and hoses and other connections without any intention of putting them back together. That, I'm afraid will be left for me to do. “El General” takes a part from the car and with the butane of his lighter; he inhales some gas and passes it to me. There is pressure for me to take it. Half curious and half concerned about what he would do if I said no, I take a hit. It tastes dirty and I begin to blow it out without inhaling, but the general is having none of that, so the second half I inhale and hold, catching a slight head rush that I fear is brain damaging. It hits like nitrous oxide, but not to hard, as I didn't take much in. I'm in a car with Jerry. He says “I' m gonna get something from the back so don't worry”. He reaches behind my seat; meanwhile the car is coasting towards a sharp turn off of a cliff.


2003 Jul 19 Sat:
I awake, thinking of Jane and Jackie. About how Jane so calmly tells of projecting to other planets during breaks at work in her car. The Beatles tune…George Harrison singing, “…with our love we can change the world,” with it' s Indian like music playing in my head. I tie a string to my ring and ask myself the following:
0)	I am here for you, are you here for me? Are you me? 
1)	Can I talk with you in my dreams? Y. 
2)	Do I talk with you in my dreams? Y. 
3)	Do I every dream without talking with you Y. 
4)	Are you here to teach me? Y. Is my guide here to teach me? Y. 
5)	Am I here to teach you? N. Am I here to teach my guide? N. 
6)	Is the dream with the General about drug use? N/A. Was this dream a warning against drug use? N/A. 
7)	Does my performing the Qabbalistic Cross help our communication? N/A. Does it hinder our communication? No. 
8)	Does my performing the LBRP aid our communication? N. Does it hinder it? No. Is it good for me? Yes. 
9)	Do I ever speak to my guide in my dreams? Yes. Do I always speak to my guide in my dreams? No. 
10)	 Do I ever speak to anyone else in my dreams? Yes. 
11)	 Am I on the council? Yes. Is my mother on the council? Yes. Sister? N. Father? N. Wife? N. Dona Luz? N. 
12)	 Should I get on the Future Science (pub of Enoch book) mailing list? N. 
13)	 Are there Merkabah workshops for me? N. Should I create a Merkabah? Y.  Can I create a Merkabah using the book of knowledge? Y. 
14)	 Is the book “Children Of The Matrix Accurate? Weak yes. 
15)	 Should I learn how to astral travel? Weak yes. 
16)	 Can you and my guide protect me from lower negative forces during my astral traveling? Yes. 
17)	 Should I learn to astral travel before I build the Merkabah? No. 
18)	 Does imagining that I'm in a cocoon of white light help to protect me during astral travel? Yes. 
19)	 Can I communicate with you while I'm awake without using the ring? Yes. 
20)	 If I imagine the ring in my head, can you communicate with me? Yes. 
21)	 Is the keys of Enoch the right book for me to be reading now? Yes. 
22)	Am I putting myself at risk by searching for Enoch, or spiritual information on the web? No. 
23)       Is it okay to talk about this, show this to my Mom? Yes.

DREAM: I call home to Ejido and Tim (Jerry' s boy) picks up saying, “Luz is not here, callback after 10pm”. “Yeah, sure” I say and hang up the phone, then I get angry about it and say to myself “Why pick up the phone if you know you are not going to talk?”

2003 Jul 20 Sun:
(Diary)Went to Chili's with Mom & Gina for lunch. Passed Mom my video (Merkabah) and Children of the Matrix book, & returned her Creative Visualization book.
Terms: B' nai Or, tetragrammaton - Yod Hey (W) Vod Hey (YHVH), 
veil of light, Adam Kadmon,  Hosannah, Ophanim Ain Soph, logo symbolic code, Hayavah.
I found out when NOT to use the Qabalistic Cross /LBRP, it is not tantric.
Image: during LBRP as each element/Angel gets called, have the entire circle fill then a flower of each element sprout above my head. 
Example: Raphael = cloud flower, Gabriel = lily flower floating on top, Michael = fire flower like the sun, Uriel = white rose opens up from the ground.

Dream: I call home to Ejido and Tim (Jerry' s boy) picks up saying, “Luz is not here, callback after 10pm”. “Yeah, sure” I say and hang up the phone, then I get angry about it and say to myself “Why pick up the phone if you know you are not going to talk?”

2003 Jul 21 Mon:
Q:(from the dream) was this the tree of life? Y Was this actually happening inside me? Y Is this my light body? Y Is my light body ready for ascension? Y If I successfully create a Merkabah, will I ascend? Y IS it okay to ascend karmically? N Is it good to ascend? Y.

Dream: tree of life lit up inside my body, something about light body? Can't remember details, the sleep was very deep and 11 hours long! Luz woke me up otherwise, who knows how long it would have been?

2003 Jul 22 Tue:
Dream: Dream: I kept making left hand turns with some kind of sign of spiraling. Could be related to four fold breathing pattern of middle pillar exercise.

2003 Jul 23 Wed:

Q: Is Christ consciousness spherical breathing (pg 136 Nothing in this book is true) the way to form the merkabah? Y Is it the best way to form the Merkabah? Y Are there better meditations to 

Define: 1. Perineum (below the body?) 2. Mundra 3. Sojourn

Merkabah Meditation: A series of 14 breaths. 1st to 6th breaths are for balancing polarities with chakras centers and cleansing them. 7th to 13th breaths are to re-establish proper pranic flow through the body and recreate spherical breathing in the body. The 14th breath changes the balance of pranic energy in the body from 3rd to 4th dimensional awareness.

Open your heart and feel love and unity for all life during this meditation. Keep a straight spine. Relax, while keeping your eyes closed. Visualize the star tetrahedron around your body.

Inhale, visualize male tetrahedron (apex up, base just above knees, facing toward the front) fill it with white light. Surround your body with this light. Palms up, with thumbs and index finger of each hand touching lightly. This is the mundra. Don't allow the other fingers to touch. Inhale through your nose, deep and relaxed for 7 seconds, up from the stomach, diaphragm, and then the chest. 

Exhale without pause, visualize female tetrahedron (apex down, point at solar plexus facing back). Visualize the tetrahedron filled with white light for around 7 seconds. Hold 5 seconds, cross eyed, look up then down as fast as possible. At the same time see the white light shooting down into the Earth. You should feel electrons moving down your spine. This will clear the negativity associated with the mundra used.

Change mundras per breath. 1st breath = thumb and index finger. Second breath = thumb and 2nd finger, 3rd = thumb and ring finger, etc. At the 7th breath, visualize a tube runs through the body, one hand above the head, and one hand below the feet = the top and bottom or male and female tetrahedron. Breath in top and bottom as white light that meet together at the belly button.

Dream: DREAM: There was a dog in it. A little dog. A lot more was remembered upon first waking, but it' s gone.

2003 Jul 24 Thu:
Dream: 
Sean at store, girls ask, “only English?” Sean has been to a Greek ceremony where he go to throw plates. I' ve got a weird red hat on, almost a Jewish cap. Next…I'm walking down the street and I see this little girl I know. I start running after her, in fun, but she is faster than me. I start running from her, but as a trick, only as I turn around and catch her. She jumps up, cross-legged around my waist in front of me and I carry her home. She is my wife's little sister. We see a neighbor woman (fake blond) topless, going to the next-door house to borrow something. It rains hard. By the time we are home, we are soaked. Luz is gone and the little girl has turned into Elizabeth. She wants to get a movie but it is raining so hard. I tell her how her sister (Luz) has 2 or 3. I seem to remember being wit Luz and talking to her about movies earlier. I' ve got sandals on, but at least a thick raincoat that I take off. I' m thinking about how I spend so much time at this house (my in-laws house) and how that' s a good thing to be involved with your wife' s family. Next I' m talking with Goth Ray and someone outside on the sidewalk about how a friend' s friend I said was Jarrod (one of Sean's friends). He says something about college kids, just as a carload of them stops and they get out across the street. Something about being annoyed at how college kids seem to think they can get away anything.

2003 Jul 25 Fri:

Jerry off work, on vacation, I work alone this weekend. 

Terms: Shekinah = feminine principle of trinity “holy spirit”.
Metatron = first and last of the archangels. Once the prophet Enoch, now the heavenly scribe of the akashic records. Enoc = 7th patriarch after Adam, connected with 7th heaven, grandfather of Noah. He took into himself the divine spark lost by Adam which transformed him into an angel, Metatron. Adam Kadmon = ? Merkabah = divine vehicle, used to transport the light body.

Pendulum
Q: Am I on the council? Y Is my mother on the council? Y. Sister? N. Father? N. Wife? N. Dona Luz? N. Should I get on the Future Science mailing list? N. Should I create a Merkabah? Y. Can I create a merkabah using info from the Book of Knowledge: The Keys of Enoch? Yes. Tetragrammaton = YHWH


DREAM: Soldiers buying records at streetlight. I'm half awake and realizing that I'm dreaming. So as I'm checking out I create a name for the checkout girl and talk to her as though I know her. It works. I make up her name and it is her name. A high school name that we both went to, etc. “ready to seat our troops” with a picture of a woman bending over is the cover of an album. 

Then I try to imagine myself as super fit, with angel wings but end up with a homer simpson like cartoon image. I ask why aren't things ever clear? Answer: because you aren't relaxed enough. Why? Because I need to pee. For a moment I get a close up of a flower that is fairly realistic.

It's then that I realize that the dreams I've been writing down are only the lightest parts of my sleep. The "tail ends" and that the deep super realistic parts are further away from the analytical/ego conscience memory side of normal wake time.

2003 Jul 26 Sat:
Kabbalah comes from QBLH in hebrew, so Qabalah is often used as spelling. QBLH comes from QBL = Qibel, meaning "To recieve". Hebrew letters are the same as Chaldee and Aramaic characters (like spanish and english use roman or latin characters). Interesting to note that they have no separate characters for numbers, each letter has it's own numeric value, so every word is a number, but what's really interesting is if every number is a word or sentence without spaces? This is the science of GEMATRIA = hebrew numerology, associating word values with meanings.

I walked around my Dad's block after work. Spooky under the Wolfe St. railroad track overpass. Caltrain is tearing up Lawrence Station. I'll try not to drink coffee tomorrow, I don't like the mood it put me in today. A good day otherwise.

DREAM: Clock side? I see an image at a cash register...everything has a dark side, a shadow, like the moon unless it is a perfect of divine object producing it's own light like the sun.


2003 Jul 27 Sun:
Eric Hellgren relieved me at work as Jack was out sick and Jerry is on vacation. I had little interest in the merkabah, I just browsed the web and played games at work.

Dream: Someone singing near a chain link fence. Elizabeth comes up to the first person on the other side of the chain link fence & begins to sing as well.Then fades in and out of being Ellie, as if she is someone else who only reminds me of Ellie. Something else about health? More instructional than scene building?

2003 Jul 28 Mon:
Dream: Sitting in a film criticism class taught by Gene Siskel (or is it Roger Ebert?). In one exercise he describes a scene and we are given a couple of minutes to come up with an ending for the scene. I waste most of my time sketching out the character then I ad lib "Oh Morty? Yeah hire him. He's a good kid, he has the nicest mother." The group starts laughing. Later I add "She makes the best Matzo balls, they are not only to die for, they're good enough to resurrect for".

The sketch looks a bit like a young Woody Allen. That song "the Feldman's" goes through my head. Something else about looking for 6, 6th breath, teacher #6? Something about "the purple fizz" 

The Purple Fizz: I remember this as being a waking reference to the time that I was in Mike and Tania's car, and Tania asks "Why do some people stop so far back from the next car at a red light?" after seeing this car next to us that was doing just that.

I replied "It's probably because they see something that we don't. For all we know the backend of that car could be dissolving into a hoard of screaming purple fizz, like a swarm of angry killer bees, all buzzing french obscenities and stomping on the windshield with their steel-toed naugahyde cowboy boots. Not the kind of thing you'd want to report to the police, but enough to keep you an extra few feet away from the car in front of you. You know, just in case."

2003 Jul 29 Tue:
Vitamins = anti-virus like software that I have downloaded into my body system. I was with a partner and we were chasing a changeling through suburban streets. We had just about cornered it in an alleyway...or had it trapped us?

2003 Jul 30 Wed:
Dream: I'm Clint Eastwood from "The man with no name" trilogy, fighting to protect his land. There is a powerful family that is trying to claim the land. The sheriff comes to me for a visit and is very cautious about the guns. He puts his on the floor and I do the same. We sit on opposite ends of the room. One hand of his reaches behind the couch. I match this by plunging my hand into the couch cushion. He immediately reacts by putting both hands out in plain view.

We were both worried about another hidden gun or knife. He begins to tell me how he's on my side and how he nearly fought with members of that other family. I tell him how they destroyed my deed to the land, but I had a copy sent to New York City to an heir of the property, that I could get back to prove ownership. This version of Clint used Yoga and Meditation for his strength and speed, there was also a light pattern he visualized which reminded me of my Mom's old RCA Colortrak TV, when it would overheat and make this weird rainbow pattern. We would have to turn off the set for a few minutes, then it would work again.

2003 Jul 31 Thu:
Flight @ 5:35 left at 7:30pm, work is at 5am, meaning up at 4:15am. Mike invited me to something but I declined. Still reading "Magic in the Mind." Idea of a web form that gets your day, month, year of birth, and creates a picture using your tarot character, astrology sign, and Element, to pull foreground and background images from a database (example: 5-20-1969 = 5 [5+2+0+1+9+6+9= 32, 3+2 = 5] = Hierophant, Taurus, and Earth images would appear).

Randomly thought of Quette and the time that she introduced me to her sister, and the last time I saw her in Oakland, which seems to be a continuation of the last time I was at my dad's house when I was thinking of Kevin Liebel and how he moved to Oakland.

Dream: In a play, about vampires. I was to be pinned by a fallen tree. Merrick played one of the dieing. Refused to let go of my (cross/ass?), I insisted and she went into a rage and clearly looked like she would really die, her face a mix of red and blue. The tree was made of cardboard.

2003 Aug 01 Fri:
Dream: I'm a new guy in a smaller mountain area town. Walking to school, I meet up with a group of guys. We play some kind of trick with a messed up old car? Leaving the windows down, we try to get someone interested enough to steal something as we watch. A van pulls up, but we get in the car and laugh at them?
I get invited to a party. Its a pretty nice house. Swimming pool etc. The host shows me around the place taking me through the kitchen they have the oldest microwave I have ever seen. It's got a door that's almost a foot thick. There is a giant walk in freezer and a basement. As I enter the basement, I accidentally break a bottle of booze by knocking it off some kind of hanging basket on my left. I feel bad about it, but no one else cares. In the basement is a room that looks like it used to be a walk in freezer but has been converted into a bedroom/rubber room.

The host then rolls his eyes around in his head in opposite circles to indicate that it's used to confine the crazy. I can't tell if he's joking or not. The room in any event gives me the creeps. There is one cot and a light, that's it. No windows and no door knob on the inside. Completely white. As I step outside the house to the pool area, there is a guy who is really up tight. He starts complaining about how everything is always the same and goes into the bathroom, shaves half his head, stops to go pick fights with people randomly. He is in an uncontrollable rage at this point.


2003 Aug 02 Sat:
Dream: 1957 NYC. fire season like never before, record high fires. In one art building 2 fires were raging. A man died, not from fire, official cause of death was impact with a blunt object. Apparently caused by a fall after passing out from smoke inhalation. Some people become more interested in my work after finding out that this weird finger paint like item was just a class project I was displaying and not at all like the main body of work (which was not shown). Something about "who were the real fantastic 4."

Coldplay, or was it radiohead? "Yeah, how long must I wait for you? Yeah, how long must I wait? I was lost, I was lost..." song is playing in the background.


2003 Aug 03 Sun:
Dream: In a victorian house with patio. Vangelis 1492 soundtrack is playing. Mike is having a party there, it is apparently Mike an Tania's new home. I'm on the patio and Chris Fernandez (this opera singer I used to work with at 3Com) shows up and we talk about broadway songs. A very formal and stiff woman comes in conservative business dress. A friend of Tania's . I'm opening the door for her while carrying a box that has bird poop on it. I accidentally get some on her hand and she is disgusted and I feel that she has quickly disliked me. All the while Vangelis 1492 soundtrack plays on. How strange that:
a) This music in particular.
b) that I'm certain which music it is.

 

2003 Aug 04 Mon:
Dream: Something about being happy that I brought my books along to help guide me. Strangely I'm pretty sure I meant my Python (programming) book, but there was a spiritual significance to it?
I get the sense that there was a great deal more, but I lost the memory when my wife woke me up in the morning. It was almost back and I was still sound asleep.


2003 Aug 05:
Went to Yuma with Luz. Bought groceries and a table for the bathroom. Drank beer. Took Dona Luz to the doctors in San Luis.

Dream: My sister wanted to color in my sketch book before I had a chance to. I was a little jealous. I'm a teen and a friend stays the night. I think his name is Lance? In the morning when we are showering he mentions that he forgot to bring underwear. I go to loan him a pair of mine but I think they are too big for him. One I was going to lend him, the smallest I had has holes in them so I keep searching. Later I finish sleeping. Something about the chemical analysis of dancing. The song "politics of dancing" is playing in my head.

2003 Aug 06 Wed:
Had to get up early to go to Tecolote for Dona Luz's nurse.

Dream: Much I just couldn't remember. There was a bit about a really fast rail car that could link together to a booster for near mach1 long distance travel, then separate out to the destination station for local traveling. 150 mph on freeways where traffic computers control the on and off of cars. Public and private cars were available. Parking stations would replace gas stations. Electric street cars would be small and take people to private homes. Most large buildings would have there own stations. Why? Reduces pollution, increases security, nearly eliminates all street accidents. International travel would still be by air, but not domestic.

2003 Aug 07 Thu:
Still trying to think of comic ideas. Try to see if subconscious can type for me today.

Dream: Short night and all I can remember thinking as I woke up was about how my mom said some books are meant to be opened randomly, and how I think that applies to the "Book of knowledge: Keys of Enoch"


2003 Aug 08 Fri:
Came up with comic series idea: "Ben and the Whirling Merkabah" story synopsis: Ben Dunn is your average kid living in a decent but rather boring rural farm town where nothing much happens until one night a meteor strikes nearby. Ben goes out to investigate.

"Jed Dunn I swear you are the laziest man alive!"

The meteor turns out to be an alien tardus like appears and a timelord rushes out to restore order by returning little ET back home, only to find out that he's been tricked! ET was not trying to invade, but rather steal the tardis. The doctor mistakenly leaves the door open only to find that the ET in front of him is a projection, while the real ET sneaks behind him and gets away.

Now what is he going to do without a Tardis? He sits and begins a telepathic SOS only to open his eyes and find Ben standing there in awe.

The Doctor confuses Ben with his rescuer, or is it Ben who is confused?

"Sorry to spoil your vacation here, but this is a bit of an emergency and ther are a few things I need you to remember." I need you to permit me to hypnotize you.

Ben is in disbelief, but the time lord reassures that only a certain type of person could have responded to his S.O.S and since Ben is there in the hills in the middle of the night, he must be the one. Ben is confused but figures if it'll make the guy happy, and it looks like the only way to win the argument, Ben gives in. Dr. starts giving him the "...monkey see monkey do..." bit with the swirly hypnosis hat on. The doc has Ben imagine a Merkabah and moves in close to Ben. Ben's triangles start spinning and "pop" they are out of the scene and in the Merkabah in front of an endless stream of reality bubbles.


Dream: I remember briefly when I got up. Something about Astrology? Astrology as a body clock? Wake up thinking about the Germs and how cool it would have been to play bass with them on a show.

2003, 08/9 Sat & 8/10 Sun: Over wound from  too much coffee, didn't sleep much friday, crashed and burned out Sat night without being able to remember my dreams. Cut down the caffeine dunsay, but still no decent dream memories. Spent Sat and Sun getting the new Gnome 2.2 working properly and learning how to arrange things. Got CD audio, and sorted through the games that work and adding them to Gnome menu, creating icons for them with XDW screen shots etc. Took EDS digital workflow training all Saturday afternoon. Gof Dillo browser working and various Linux things Sunday. Watched Mike Tyson documentary with Dad.

2003, 08/11 Mon: (Dream) Chinese theater characters, face paint and all, traditional robes. A group of them take a spaceship to get the help of another group when they get the other group, the young prince goes into a trance and writes something down. Everyone is shocked. When the hero asks what's going on, they say "you are the devil that your father was always talking about. He is shown a mirror and his faces is painted a bit red. he has a goatee beard and red robes kind of like a devil. Then his body goes invisible, just the face paint and robe can be seen. He is saying "you've got to help restore me back to normal."
(Diary) Dona Luz in hospital to remove hernia (kidney?) stones.

2003, 08/12 Tue: (Dream) woken by Luz to go to doctors so can't remember.
(Diary) Dona luz back from hospital. Luz del Carmen goes to skin doctor for rash and hands peeling. Gets $185.00 in medications.

2003, 08/13 Wed: (Diary) Back to San Luis for more test for Luz. 
(Dream) Being pulled up in a parachute harness to get me to translate symbols to words. Some symbols were hebrew, some just card type symbols. I was wearing traditional orthodox jewish clothes, black suit. I had a beard and flat rim hat with round wire frame spectacles. There were these Jewish friends of mine there too, it was like a contest we were all in.

2003, 08/14 Thu: (Diary) Flight was an hour late. Drove through bid lightning storm on the way to San Diego airport. Biggest US power outage in history hits the northeast US coast.
(Dream) Mom, Gina and I are at a restaurant, one of Gina's favorites. We go home and Gina is really sad and upset. She lays down on the living room floor with Billy. I lay down beside her. I fall asleep and then wake up to turn down the volume of the TV. I notice Mom turned out the lights and go to sleep. When I wake up I am by myself on the living room floor. I get up and go to my room, climbing into the top bunk of a bunkbed. I can't see very well but I can feel that it is my bed. Next, Gina and I are sampling food in the kitchen of a restaurant. She says, "do you know where this is? It's (the name of the fancy restaurant we were at the night before). Apparently they let frequent or special guests back into the kitchen.

2003, 08/15 Fri: (Diary) Jerry's on vacation this week. I'm finally learning POST method of CGI programming and have a brief understanding of cookies. My Dad thinks that the big East Coast blackout was caused by computer crackers.
(Dream) Not much. Something about the body, sean... I drank a lot of coffee at work and I think that makes remembering dreams more difficult.

2003, 08/16 Sat: (Diary) Hours of EDS digital workflow training. I finished, but didn't get 100% and I can't edit the postscript results without the certificate going bitmap (and therefore obviously modified) on me.

2003, 08/17 Sun: (Dream) In prison, in the mess hall eating, Joann just got a lawyer and was worried about how to pay her. "I've still got to pay steven" joann says. "well you can't pay him until you are out and working, so you know, first things first" I reply. "First things first" she and a few others at the hall agree. Ardail Smith is there. Some people are playing battleship, the little plastic boat sinking game. My dad is grumbling and counting the spots on his napkin, grumbling to whoever is next to him, "well it's something to do".

2003, 08/18 Mon: (Diary) Changed oil, trans, front differential, and the center 2 to 4 wheel drive coupler. Bought a bunch of movies at Mojo, but couldn't find cherries anymore for Luz. Couldn't remember dream.

2003, 08/19 Tue: (Diary) Went to Yuma to find Carnation milk for Abuela but couldn't find any. Got 3 cases of coke and a new bed set. The bed looks great and the Yoga relax CD sounds good. Couldn't find incense and the gypsy woman store closed up.
(Dream) A baby kept changing into a puppy or kitten. I was taking care of it but it wasn't mine. I think it was occasionally a black boy, black puppy that jumped and clawed up me like a kitten would.

2003, 08/20 Wed: (Diary) watched 2.5 hours of the UFO movies, BBQ'd Salmon. Early in the morning, took Abuela to 2 doctors in San Luis. No dreams remembered.

2003, 08/21 Thu: (Diary) Saw "28 days" on my way to the airport. Best British horror ever.
(dream) I remember a bright booming light telling me something as the noise of my Dad getting up half woke me up. I can't remember what the throbbing light said, but it was good. I didn't fear it in the slightest, as awesome as it was. I think I was very familiar with it.

2003, 08/22 Fri: (Diary) Got Jerry's modem and ethernet cards working on his old laptop. I got mplayer to play web embedded video by typing mplayer http://site.com/file (wma/mov/avi/mpg). 12:30 midnight, hit by nasty diarrhea and foul stomach. Took 2 Pepto and 2 tums. I remember feeling a hot head just before going to bed and thinking, "Man I hope I'm not sick." I felt  a bit nauseated while sitting on the john reading the Fantagraphic ads in Heavy Metal.

2003, 08/23 Sat: Luz wants a jeep. I need Janus acct# for web login. Spent the day trying to figure out and daydreaming about creating a my own comic. I make a materials list, shop for a few things at Michaels, and order a couple of books about making comics from Amazon.com, and write a bit more about Ben and his whirling merkabah.
(Dream) in 3com server room changing cables to create different type of WAN circuit.

2003, 08/24 Sun: (Dream) Driving with Luz to the border. Luz gets sick. I pull over, she starts puking frijoles everywhere. It sounds like she has diarrhea uncontrollably also. It really erupts to the point that I'm worried and I wake up. Before that I was sleeping from 9-10pm something about an electric razor, silver. Also a woman. I'm concerned she is trying to manipulate me into sleeping when I shouldn't. Programmable internet radio/mpeg player displays words while playing music...I had to splice in other images...(?)

2003, 08/28 Thu: (Diary) Luz goes with me to San Diego.

2003, 09/03 Wed: (Diary) bought Luz a jeep wrangler, yellow, 91 "YJ". 

2003, 09/04 Thu: (Diary) Got smog and put in for title transfer with Otay Registration services. 

2003, 09/05 Fri: (Diary) Jerry is out. Sat9/6 & Sun9/7: work as usual. 

2003, 09/08 Mon: (Diary) change jeep's oil, tranny, gearbox, coolant, get a new tire and drive it home with Jose driving my car with Josephina. Luz and Sheila ride with me in the Wrangler. 

2003, 09/09 Tue: (Diary) We stay at home, Shiela and Josephina sleep on the aire mattress, jose in spare room. BBQ asada and drink beer. 
(Dream) I'm late for final exam. I walk into the small square white windowless classroom and there is only guy left still working on the test. The teacher looks sternly at me and I get the idea that I'm not to speak of in any way disrupt the last student. I sit and begin writing as if pretending I'm at a regular day at school but it is all so awkward and absurd. In another part of the dream I am again at school. There's a guy who seems intent on fighting with me. I am not afraid of him and feel very tired of avoiding aggressors like him. I am very ready to fight if he provokes me.

2003, 09/10 Wed: (Diary) Shiela, Josephina, Luz and I take the Cherokee to Yuma to get abuela soda and paper towels. We get some clothes for Lux too. I am briefly annoyed at Sheila and Josephina for buying CDs and wanting me to take out my music to put in theirs. Luz joins in, so I compromise and turn on the radio. When they act shitty with this, I turn it off for awhile. I get over myself fairly quickly and we all enjoy the radio for awhile. I still need to work on controlling my anger and to stop taking myself so seriously.

2003, 09/10 Wed: (Diary) Luz asked me if I would donate sperm to inseminate her sister Elizabeth! A very strange request indeed. Honored on the one hand, but cautious on the other. What happens if she can't support it? What responsibilities, moral and legal, do I have? How can I NOT be a part of this child's life? I think the answer should be no. It's better in this case to either have the donor be anonymous or to be the father. I cannot ignore such a child with a clear conscious.

2003 Sep 11 Thu: 3 year anniversary of 9-11 NYC attack. There was a very good documentary on PBS about religion on last night. I sewed pieces of my old purple shirt into a Tarot card case. I can now recite the major arcana in order. 0-XXI (fool-the world).

Dream: An image of Jeff Uli as a killer, I am able to drive a steak knife, no a big chef's knife, right into his chest. I know that this is only symbolic, even while dreaming it, but I can't remember what it is a symbol of anymore.

2003, 09/12 Fri: Worked fron 5am - 5pm on 3 hours sleep. Left at 4:20pm, slept at Dad's for an hour then ate at Coco's, slept 10pm to 8am, finished Tarot Deck Bag.

Dream: Had Anna Wilson in it...vague.

2003, 09/13 Sat: (Diary) Jerry's wife was at work with him today. Got in at 9am, Enrolled at friendster.com got on Janus and credit card sites and balanced check book. Looked at comics @ amazon. Installed and checked out Audacity sound editor for Linux and windows. Jaqui & Alex b-day tomorrow and I haven't gotten them anything yet.
(Dream) I was talking to someone while throwing on more blankets and I remember them saying something like "Oh that's just like how I sleep too, blankets thrown back when I start off then pulled on as the night gets colder." I woke up thinking about friendster, as if explaining it to my friend Brian who I know is concerned with concealing his information.

2003, 09/14 Sun: (Diary) "Spiritual Tarot" major arcana defs:
0 fool: limitless energy of spirit; fearless investigation.
1 magician: creative focused attention; spiritual discipline.
2 high priestess: ancient and unrevealed knowledge; intuition subconscious.
3 empress: creative abundance; love, heart, life.
4 emperor: reasoned authority; penetration, determination.
5 hierophant: inner teacher, mediator, bridge, understanding.
6 lovers: healing union; male conscious/female unconscious. Trust, balance.
7 chariot: determined search for greater understanding, negotiate, direction, stability.
8 strength: spiritual strength; masculin will/feminine intuition, action.
9 hermit: light of the higher ways;re-evaluate.
10 wheel of fortune: universal cycles; patterns.

2003 Sep 15 Mon: Mexican independance day. There was a band at the park in Tecolote, but we just passed by in the jeep, got some beer and relaxed at home. Took the top off of the jeep for the first time.

2003 Sep 16 Tue: (Diary) Luz practiced driving the jeep, but the ranch house roads were too much.

2003 Sep 17 Wed: (Diary) We went to Yuma with Nana Chuy and to the doctor for Luz.

2003 Sep 18 Thu: (Dream) Abuela runs a restaurant and uses the side room as a walk in refrigerator. I give her the message that the grocery store does not have any more ham and she gets very upset. The fridge is nearly empty, so I use the opportunity to sweep it out. Later, Luz and I are searching for hand in a small town by foot. Abuela comes driving around in a carload of people to see what is taking so long. Luz and I begin to hide from her.

2003 Sep 19 Fri: (Dream) Something about how time as a system, and its numbers as it related to psychology, and the emotions. Numbers and feelings, the missing language link of mathematics. 0-9 in the heart, in the mind.
(Diary) No Jerry at work. Flash failed and I was on a big phone conference all morning. I'm reading "Jimmy Corrigan" comic and "Spiritual Tarot" book. I've got "Fantastic Planet" and "Psychic Tarot" coming in the mail.

2003 Sep 20 Sat: (Diary) Sean came by my Dad's when I was at work & dropped off Glen Heads CD burn. Linux Audacity wants: LAME to save files as MP3.

Dream: I'm sitting in a cement walled pit in a cemetery (or was it a park?). I become aware of a group that is meeting behind me for some kind of meditation gathering. They seem to be speaking telepathically. As I turn to look at them, I see that they are a group of animals. 2 dogs and a Raven or Crow. Maybe others are gathered. One of the dogs looks like Orijona (Dona Luz's big eared dog) then this Benji looking small tan & white dog starts walking over to me. I don't look directly at him, but lean over to him, so he can sniff me without getting scared.  He sniffs my right ear, then as I move to the left, he bites a lock of my hair and begins chewing on it. I wake with the feeling of my hair being pulled, but my hair is cut like  crew cut, so it can't hardly be pulled?!? I also remember dreaming earlier about Mike Beaudet and I are at his place in SF. Hugh is there. We are talking about Bands. There are pro skaters trying to do new tricks like spinning on their stomach in a 1/2 pipe break dance style. There is this lady playing some obscure music and I'm telling this guy about how I have  about 80-90% the same music as her and how strange that is. Another guy that looks just like the actor from "high fidelity" and "Hard Rock High School" insists that I'm trying t steal these 2 speed/black metal CDs that he lent me a long time ago. I'm telling him how I'll bring them back next time I'm in the area. There is another time i'm either drunk or sick or something and sitting in a car. Mike goes into drive and I as k him if it's ok to drive in such bad weather? It is raining really hard. He's all "sure , no problem, unless you don't want to?" I say, "Let's go! I love riding around in SF, as long as I'm not driving!" 

2003 Sep 21 Sun: Had lunch at Applebee's with Mom. Moon: last quarter, waning crescent.
Dream: John Goodman plays the controlling force behind a movie exec driving a pitch for a new film. He gets the studio to open the budget asking "how much would it take to get this finished in a week?" They sign some forms, he hangs up then realizes they don't have the consent form, the most important piece, that gives control of the idea.

2003 Oct 06 Mon:
It was my mother's birthday, but I was too busy driving back to Ejido from Tijuana to call her. Sheila was puking and crying to go to the doctor.

2003 Oct 07 Tue:
We got up early (7:30) to get 15 bags of concrete for the workers to finish the temple and start the walkway around our house.
Luz drove her jeep wrangler to Cuervos so I could get some more money to pay the cement and light bill. She drove pretty good.
I installed this IDiary software and copied the word file contents into it after I learned that you can export the files to HTML.

I also figured out that Tecate give the best buzz, even though Pacifico tastes better.What I do?!? Got drunk that's what! 
Tarot: Judgement (R) = Imbalance, bigotry, bias.

12/15/2003: EDS lays me off. Pat Dement offers me a spot at a military base in San Diego, when I turn it down, it's over, I get my check and I'm out.
I knew it was coming, one year and a half later it does. I figure I'll get unemployment after the holidays and maybe it will run a full year. Brian was able to get a year, but he had taken part time jobs which made his situation look better.


====================
2004 
====================

This is the year that EDS lets me go (Dec 15 2003). I wait to apply for unemployment until after xmas/new years. I mix tequila and beer on new year's eve and learn my lesson the hard way. I'm sick for a few days afterwards.

I eventually get down to Calexico to apply for unemployment. I had to sit through a meeting, then started getting a check a week to my PO box in Calexico. I was worried that they wouldn't let me do that, but they did. The house is finished by now, central air and all, so we just take it easy on the spending, and hang out this year. Every week when I get my check, I have to fill out a form saying that I've been applying at places, in order to get the next check, so we don't really go on any far away vacations this year. Many trips to puerto peñasco and san felipe and such. I took video of some of those trips.

I get dial up internet from Telnor, so I can show that I'm looking for work from Monster & Yahoo Jobs, but I'm not putting much energy into it. Luz keeps saying she wants to go back to school so we look at the local community college, but she doesn't do it. She keeps saying that she it going to sell clothes, so she starts buying all kinds of second hand clothes, but that's it. The clothes sit around in plastic bags for pretty much this whole year.

Unemployment is not much, but enough to pay the bills and let us go to restaurants and movies. We get satellite TV, and go to the casino WAY too many times. I start to fight in order to stay home after months of being Luz and her grandma's chofer. I've become really annoyed at all the driving and the heat has given me a bad rash, bad mood, and an ever growing gut. All I do is drive around all day. 

I end up trying to learn to play music. I have my old learning keyboard, since Shiela never did use it, and an old acoustic guitar. I buy a blue electric bass too, but looking back I just don't know why. Stupid waste of money. I spend a lot of this year playing Warcraft III, which I finish twice! I was studying Python too. I have been collecting Python books, reading and trying sample code until it starts to sink in. I make a Spanish translation and hangman game in a graphic user interface. Did some Akasha web site updates, and a little javaScript.

I bought a trailer for the Jeep, which ended up being used for grandma's trash, but was bought mostly to get Luz to quit telling me to buy a pickup truck. At $500 it was not cheap, but cheaper than a pickup. We brought our broken Sony TV to jose in it, but he ended up selling it instead of fixing it. I also got a ticket for a brake light not working. It's times like these that remind me of why I try not to pay attention to Jose. The trailer was handy to have when we went to Puerto Peñasco because grandma made sure to bring so many friends that there was no room in the car for anything else, so we either had to strap everything to the hood (which was nearly torn off by strong winds the first time we tried that) or put things in the trailer.

Grandma's friend Socorro has a house in Peñasco so we went often.

2004 Dec 11 Sat:
Put all the "iDiary" journal entries into this text file. I decided that a windows application just wasn't flexible enough to meet the changes that are going on, plus there isn't a way to group the entries, so you have to flip though the calendar to find them all. With raw text, I can always use a python script or some other tool to convert everything to HTML on the fly. This will probably be the best solution as HTML and ASCII are pretty ingrained and available on ALL platforms. When I first started using "iDiary" I thought that it would export the data as HTML, but I later learned that you have to export each day, the entire journal would not export. BIG LET DOWN as some years only have a few entries.

For example, there's nothing yet for the entire year of 2001, but there are entries since 2000. The first entry is 1999, but that's all 1999 has in it so far. I hope to piece things together adding in events from calendars and checkbooks and photos and all the "evidence" I can collect to piece my life together as accurately and completely as I can.

====================
2005 
====================
This is the year we leave ejido for Jose's place so I didn't have a computer. Maybe I wrote some stuff on paper somewhere. I remember my car was still having problems after the head bending, water pump blow out in Mexicali. We were barely able to move to Tijuana. It was in Cisneros's garage for weeks. It was February I think. At first I got a little apartment down the street from Jose's place, but Luz would not stay there more than the first couple of nights. The unemployment also ran out and what is left of my savings is disappearing quickly so we move into Jose's house after a month. Strange thing is Luz talks me into getting both of us gym memberships. I don't think it was any more than $40 a month, but still we were going broke fast, it seems stupid to me now. At first I spent my days going there with her, then started looking for a job and slowly realizing that things aren't as easy to find work there than they are in San Jose. Some time later I interview for a part time office assistant at RNT Architects, in May I think. I do this job 4 hours a day, 5 days a week at first, then a few months later they fire the office manager and I become a full time IT technican there.

====================
2006
====================
Luz and I move into the TJ house up the hill from Jose's, 7750 Melgar, as soon as the floor tiling is finished. I buy a bed right away. One night while we are sleeping, the toilet hose pops off, and fills the floor with water. I wake up and hear the noise, stepping down from the bed, my feet hit water! Turn off the water valve, and start scooping water out with a bucket, eventually a plastic cup, then mop, then I just go to work, no time to go back to bed.

Jose's friend Rito fixes the toilet with a metal braided hose into a metal coupling. Much better than the cheap plastic we had.

We eventually get a kitchen sink, such a welcome thing after washing dishes out of a bucket for a month. I install some cupboards. Josefina moves out from Brisa's apartment so we get a deal on her table and sofa. It was pretty messed up, and chewed up from her dog, but Luz got the sofa re-upholstered and I got used my dremel to sand the chew marks out and restained the sanded parts.

The shower starts leaking. We can't get the old style shower valves anymore so it's Rito to the rescue again. I buy what looks like a solid shower kit and Rito has to knock the concrete wall out to install it, cut and weld a piece of pipe to get it to fit. I get some ceiling fans from home depot and install them. Curtains from Bed Bath and Beyond.

Sometime this year I get my iPod, it's when Mike and Tania came down so Mike could go to his Network Storage seminar. He said if I got an iPod, he could transfer his Pod's music into it, so I did. Great decision. I got an 80GB just because it was only $100 more than the 40GB. I haven't filled it yet. I learned how to save YouTube videos and DVDs, then convert them to iPod. I had bought external speakers just a week before, with the idea of putting them in the back yard so the PC could act as a jukebox. Now I just use the iPod. Jeff and I spent many summer nights back there listening to music and drinking beer. We put hinges on the outhouse door. I made a makeshift knob using a bungee cord though the knob hole.

I can remember being in the newly remodeled TJ house for Xmas, because Luz bought a white plastic xmas tree. I don't think we had been in the house very long. Maybe since September? I'll have to check the house repair receipts.

====================
2007 
====================
07/06: Started Savings account with Dad's check.

Got set of Lord of the Rings DVDs because Luz said her sisters wanted to get it for me, but couldn't find it. The day I bring it home, she shows up with the one she bought at Kmart.
Got and played some Lord of the Rings video games. Been getting into Sun Ra a lot around this time. 
Was going to give Mario the other Lord of the Rings movies, but they disappeared. I'm sure Luz is involved here. Luz got me a bunch of clothes from Haggar. The pants are good, the shirts don't fit.

12/18 Tue, Got Futuristic Sounds Sun Ra CD at borders at lunch. I think this is the day that Chuck tells me the Passat (company car) is in San Clemente. I decide to get it fixed down here, because a tow service won't pick up the car without the owner being there, so I find a tow service that will take me with them. The truck driver shows me a copy of his $100,000 winning Lotto ticket. $350 for the tow and the oil pump needed replacing, which ended up costing the company $1300.

12/19 Wed, Home, packed for xmas trip. Organized photos and put most all of them on my iPod. I decide to take up this journal again, mostly because I was looking for text to add to my iPod. I had actually forgotten about the journal. I quickly fill some holes in my life story at the bottom of this file. I got my A+ at the start of this year. I'll have to fill in more later, it's late now.

12/20 Thu, Got Xmas bonus of $2000, 1599 after tax! Put $600 in savings.

12/21 Fri, Left work 4ish, caught the 929 across the street to the airport, Southwest to San Jose to Dad's for Xmas.

12/22 Sat, Setup Dad's Windows Vista & DSL, had to uninstall Norton, call tech support to configure DSL & register account, then installed AVG. Luz calls crying about having spent the $500 I left for her, which is very embarrassing as Dad watches.

12/23 Sun, Gina's, saw Nick & Dan, went to Mom's to fix her Windows XP, uninstalled Norton, installed AVG, ran XP SP2.

12/24 Mon, Got Dad a 19" Viewsonic LCD monitor. Garcia's party also Fina's birthday.

12/25 Tue, Gina's to open gifts, played Guitar Hero. Stayed the night at Mom's, SP2 causing system lockup?!? System restore fixed, skipped SP2 update and continued to run other security updates. Lockup issue might be related to remaining Norton firewall files?

12/26 Wed, Ate at applebee's with Mom, drove around San Ramon and Blackhawk area, back to Dad's.

12/27 Thurs, went to Lowe's with Dad to order his dishwasher, then SW to SD, bus to trolley to home. Luz sick in bed.

12/28 Fri, Luz sick in bed all day. I checked out my 40 Years of X Men DVD of PDFs. Decided to get YPT-400 keyboard.

12/29 Sat, Luz called off work sick, we paid cable and light bill, then Costco, then to clinic for Dr. note, stayed 3 hours for hydration IV drip.

12/30 Sun, Luz better.

12/31 Mon, worked half day because everyone left. Dropped Dad's check to savings. Mario @ Jose's, gave him the MP3 player, Jeff shows up with Pulkay. We finish the case of Corona I got at Costco. Luz gets home around 11, angry, so I got to bed just after midnight. Happy new year...yawn.

====================
2008
====================

01/01 Tue: Luz in better mood, no work, but stays in bed almost all day. Jeff goes out for more beer and doesn't come back for 4 hours. Tells story of playing cards at a empty strip bar. He did find beer though, just not anywhere in my neighborhood.

01/02 Wed: Luz works in the morning. Watch Transformers, make Fast Jazz playlist, clean up and import more CDs. In Bed by 7:00pm.

01/03 Thu: work, Jeff misses his stop, Ralph wants iPhone, setup Mac FTP Cyberduck links to bookmarks in Safari. Ordered YPT-400 keyboard from Amazon for Monday delivery. Only one free meal left on my Nicky Rottens gift card. Home: cops block the road, I download FL Studio trial, watch documentary about "Dusty" someone, lady who sings "Son of Preacher Man" not black? In bed, watch some Drugstore Cowboy. 

Dream: sleeping on desert floor, woke up with Black Widow bites all over me. Left hand swollen, I'm angry at Luz for not waking me, she doesn't seem to care, her Grandma and friends are there. I shower which reduces swelling, but house fills up with people and I can't shut the bathroom door. Then I'm at work, some place I've never seen before, and I'm trying to help people, but no one seems to care what I'm doing.

01/04 Fri, take a taxi libre with 3 other guys. Only $3 to the border so I pay for the other guy. Listen to Fast Jazz playlist on my way to work. Nothing but Sun Ra the last week, John Coltrane fits better today, I think I need more Coltrane. People are talking about a big storm coming. Got shamed when Chuck figured out that Frank had set his project files to READ ONLY. I thought there was a server issue when Pete could not open them. Setup Chikako's wireless connection at home. Set security on her Linksys cable modem to WPA because WEP generates keys which is just too hard to work with. Last free lunch at Niki Rottens. Scott Lane from LanSolutions came in, he's getting divorced.

======================
2009
======================
Mario's girlfriend and our friend Angela dies of cancer. Still working at RNT and living in TJ. 

At an RNT meeting, they tell me they want to replace the marketing spreadsheet with a database, the spreadsheet is too big to find anything anymore.
They want something that will work on Windows and Mac, and they don't want to spend any money buying and install in client software like MS Access. I know nothing about databases, always wanted to get into it someday so now is the time I suppose. 

I go to the book store for ideas and find Sam's teach yourself PHP, MySQL, and Apache in 24 hours by Julie C. Meloni. In this book they use Apache friends, which I had used before to learn HTML and also they walk you thought a web based contact DB. It looks perfect and uses tools that cost nothing and I am used to, so I get it and setup the address book they use as an example. After that works, I change the fields to the names used on the marketing spreadsheet, then save the spreadsheet as a CSV (comma separted values) file, import that into MySQL using the PHP MyAdmin tool that comes with Apache Friends. It works! Then I modify the web page to connect to the database and pull up all data, which also works!

I make separate tables for Clients and Employees, using the main table for Projects. Make input forms to add and edit each table. In the Project input form, I use javascript calendar tool to input dates so all the data is in the same format. This allows sorting by date queries to work. Also link the tables so when you add Clients or Architects working on the project, they come from the Clients and Employees drop down list. This makes for less typing, less spelling mistakes, and anytime a client changes contact info or an employee leaves or changes names, one update will update all Projects records so the data is sort of "normalized", not duplicated. A big improvement to a spreadsheet.

A reports page is setup with pre-made DB queries as links so that you can sort by Client, Project, Date, Prject type, etc. with a click. An export to excel browser plug-in allows you to save the view as a spreadsheet or PDF if you want those formats. CSS was used to make the site look similar to the public website. It was fast, free, and worked on Windows and Mac (probably Linux too). I ran it all on the Marketing Windows server. It made me feel really good and marketable. Michelle, Kotaro, and Rick all liked the page, no complaints, a miracle!

To this day, this project marks the pinnacle of my career. I am still, 10 years later, proud of this accomplishment.

======================
2010
======================
March ? Friday night, I have made the decision to go (separate with Luz) a few days prior so I know it has to be tomorrow or I won't go through with it. Mario comes over so we go and bring back beers to the house. I didn't want to drink tonight because I'm nervous about tomorrow, but Mario is here so I drink slow. That night when we are in the front patio I ask him to take care of my family if something happens to me, he worries that something is wrong with me, I tell him I've drank too much and laugh it off, but I am worried that my leaving will really hurt Luz. I wish there was a way to go without hurting anyone but the desire to go is too strong. I won't live forever and I just can't be happy in the situation I have put myself in. I can't ask her to leave her family, she might say yes out of fear of needing financial support, then she would grow bitter with resentment. I would end up doing to her what she is doing to me. The last 11 years feel like one responsibility and problem after another. When do I get to live for me, to take control of my life back? I really didn't want to get married in the first place, I did it so we could live together and see how it worked out, but her mother died so soon after, then her grandmother's stroke, then I was broke and stuck and feeling more stuck all the time. My paycheck goes to her and her family while I sit and wonder what I am doing in this depressing place. The party is long over. Friends are dead and dying, junkies for neighbors machine gun fire at night, dogs forever barking the smell of their shit in the air. 

March ? Saturday
I leave Luz, move downtown San Diego. Not knowing where to go I remember that the hotels near the airport are fairly inexpensive and always seem to have vacancies, so I check in to one. The next day I am walking towards the pier at the bay. I hear a guy playing guitar and decide to stay awhile. I realize I don't have any money to tip him with, so I offer him my wedding ring. He could tell I was down, I was on the edge of crying, and asks about what I am doing. I fill him in a little and he tells me about a much cheaper hotel that rents for $150 a week. The hotel I am staying at is around $80 per night, so it is a huge relief to find the Reiss Hotel. At $600 a month, I can actually afford to live here for as long as I need.

When Luz asked me if I wanted a divorce, she said to hurry, not to make her wait. I found a divorce processor who arranged the paper work. I didn't like him much and his office gave me the wrong Brian Zimmerman file once, so I didn't trust them enough to handle things when I found out that she got a lawyer and was contesting. I was originally sued for half of my money plus $1000 per month for life. Now I knew that they started with high expectations, but this was so extreme that I really started getting worried about it. I retained Andrew Mitchell of ? some jewish sounding law firm. Even though it took over a year, I finally got it down to half my money + $400 a month for 2 years starting March 2011, I suppose until March 2013. I wish now that I had not paid off all of her debts, and left our checking account open for her to take as she needed for those first two months. That act of charity did not help me one bit with her lawyer, he treated me like I was a criminal he was prosecuting. I guess that is how they justify it.

March 26 - 28, 2010

Stellar weekend in Ocean Beach!
 
Friday after work, I meet up with Jeff at the downtown house of blues for $2 pints of frosty Newcastle. The best damn calorie generator, I can't believe it's still legal. We get kicked out (again) mostly because Jeff got there straight from work without showering. He changes tires for a living, and is covered in black tire soot like a Dickens-esque chimney sweep. 

House Of Blues is great place, but they are a little fascist, their target audience is yuppie dating 20-30 year olds, so we were okay with it, happy hour was over anyway so I grabbed the guitar and the iPod and we headed out to the harbor, where I did my best to learn some cords. Mostly we just listened to tunes and talked about everything. I drinking my gallon of water, Jeff his "space bag" box of wine with the box removed.

By the time I'm ready to go to sleep, Jeff is wasted and wants to stay dancing with the iPod at the harbor, with the idea that we would take the bus to OB the next day.
 
I sleep, awake a few hours later, do the domestics like shower, brush teeth, laundry, clean, sort, ect. Then I give jeff a call on his cell. No answer. Jeff has been to jail in TJ soooo many times that he now thinks getting arrested in the US is just funny, he doesn't even get upset when it happens anymore, so I knew not to worry about him.

I had my chores done for the weekend, so with my Fedora and shades on, I was ready for the sun and weekend fun. I realize my guitar is horribly out of tune, but I don't know how to tune it. I even bought an electric tuner, but I can't figure out how to use it either.
 
So I decided to write a song called, "Tune my Guitar for a Dollar":
 Tune my guitar for a dollar, 
 if you know how give me a hollar.
 Teach me some chords if it's not a bother, 
 just tune my guitar for a dollar."
 
It sounded horrible, but it was effective, about two blocks of practising this hit, a group of old guys start talking to me about the band they used to have, and a Santa Claus looking fine blues guitarist proceeds to tune my guitar.

A good spirited conversation and $1 well worn dollar later I'm walking down the block confident in my new knowledge of how to use the tuner, and the clear sound my guitar is now making. I stop every block to call on Jeff, but no answer.

I decide to head back to my Hotel in case he wandered over there and I'm about half way back, when I spot a familiar pair of huge ass worker boots sticking out from under a clump of clothes on the floor at Civic Center station. It's Jeff alright, super stupor snoring away in the middle of downtown.
I tried to wake him, shaking him and moving his head, but he's out cold. So what could I do? I sit down next to him, pull out the beginners guitar book, and proceed to re-learn my first couple of cords, this time with the thing in tune. 

Such an improved experience, I cannot begin to explain the feelings of joyful progress I'm making. My strings are new, so they stretch out of tune pretty quickly, so I start playing "Tune my Guitar for a Dollar" again. When you've only got one song in you, there's not a lot of thinking involved in the selection.
 
I get a little nervous when cops pull up in a wagon. They get out and walk straight towards Jeff, they look at me, see I'm with Jeff, then look at each other, turn around, get back in the van and take off having never said anything. It was weird. Then something a bit amazing happens... A little old lady walking by drops a dollar into the fedora I had removed from my sweaty head. Now pumped with the realization that I might actually get paid to learn this thing, I get really eager.
 
It must have been this renewed enthusiasm that caught the eye of a guy I would later know as Carl the wild boy. This 30 something, dred-locked long beard hops over to see me, hears the "Tune My Guitar" song, sits down and starts tuning my guitar. 
I show him the book I am currently reading "Against Civilization" and he gets wide eyed and starts talking about Jewish mysticism. He is waiting for the trolley to old town, where you can take the #35 to Ocean Beach.
 
We start talking and he must have let 6-7 trolleys pass, and teaches me how to tune without the electronic thingy, and a couple of cords. A guy walks up to Carl, he looks pretty sick, and asks if he has any perkased or some such pain pills. Carl's only got herb, but tells the guy how to get to sharp, tells him to put any ID away in a place they won't look and pick a fake name and SS#, memorize it and sign in with it, and they would help him out. I give him a $5 so he can get a day pass to take the trolley and bus with. Jeff starts waking up, and Carl bounces away pledging to find us later in OB.
Jeff is now coherent enough to sit up and speak a bit, so I power skip over to the pizza place for 2 drinks to go, lemonade for me, and ice for Jeff, he still has a bit of his "space bag" left, just enough to keep him from getting sick. I continue to make a few bucks practising while Jeff nurses his wounds, meanwhile I've made back the money I gave the pill guy, and we're off for OB.

Jeff, in stable yet slightly stumble condition, gets on the trolley with me, clanging guitar over my shoulder making desperate attempts to bang into everything pole I pass by, but we find seats. I take my hat off and begin bongo taping the back of the guitar as Jeff starts telling me all the places we need to see, and some girlfriend ramblings that I really was not paying much attention to, hooting parts of sympathy for the devil to my bongo riff. Then we realize we are on the Orange line, not the Blue, just in the nick of time, at the America Transfer Center. We pop off, and push through the crowd and have a seat on the floor in the shade, where Jeff begins smoking the spliff he was rolling on the trolley, which has so little herb in it, you can't even smell it in the tobacco cloud. Then he pauses, looks at me and says, "hey, where's your hat?" I look at him, I look at the trolley now blocks away, and I answer "resting comfortably on our trolley seat... I'll get another in OB"
To which he replies, "you lack focus sometimes Brian." 
"At least I can see clearly Jeff." then we laugh and get on the blue line for old town.
 
Once on board the #35 for OB, we meet up with these happy campers in the back. They start cracking wise with us, turns out the guy with the broken foot is from Concord, so we start talking about Berkeley. They ask me to play something, so I whittle out this "Oh lord, my fingers are sore" song, which gets some laughs, and he says, hey make a song about us here on the bus, and somehow, I don't know from where, I just invent this song that I can't even remember now, it was done (rather poorly) to the tune of Crosby Stills and Nash "Horse with no name" but it was more like "I been to OB on a Bus with no name, it felt good to get off of the plane" (they had just arrived from Oakland airport on Southwest) "with my friends from Concord in the back of the bus, where there ain't no trouble and there ain't no fuss, la-la-la lalala" and by that time we were there!
 
Jeff and I arrive at Farmers Market, O.B. , head down Newport, and spot this Irish pub, open windows, patrons all a stupor, a quite jig in the background, it was all to glub, needed some fixin' so we bust out into Pogues 'Boys from County Hell' at the top of our lungs of course. I don't know if it cheered any of the patrons, but we felt great about it. Then I think next stop and the next couple of hours was the Black, where I bought a harmonica, originally for Jeff to give him something to play, but he never did, so I did at times, but the thing really burns my mouth after an hour. Loud as hell though, so that part was fun. 
 
We eventually get to the beach, and this short guy with a half deflated Mohawk starts yelling "hey Irish!" Jeff turns to me and mentions, "Oh yeah, if anyone asks, I'm from Ireland", where upon he breaks into cheesy accent and greets what is apparently a familiar who goes by the name Spike.

The next morning, I awake, pull a sandy sheet off of my face and take a look around. Surfers are already having a go at the waves, the surf had really kicked up, it was pretty calm all evening, but there are decent waves now. From the look of the sun just over the horizon, I guess it's 6:30am or so, a healthy 3 hour nights sleep. I see some old dudes stretching out in the distance so I get up and start doing the same, and feel pretty good in under half an hour.
 
The fire had gone out but was still smoking with little embers glowing, the concrete around it still warm, a relaxing place to sit. I notice that my nose is completely plugged up, I'm pretty sure it's because I slept on the side of the fire where the smoke was blowing. I smell like the fire smoke too, then I realize that the wood we were burning all night is covered in paint. That can't be good. So I went up to one of the old dudes that was stretching out and I started talking to him about yoga, he said it doesn't matter how you do it as long as it makes you feel good. Good point. I ask about clearing my nose, he said, "just snort water, it'll wash it right out". I thanked him and when to the bathroom and tried it. DAMN that stug, I choked a bit, but he was right. After a few watery eyed minutes and a few tries, I was able to clear my nose!
 
Back at the camp fire, Rash wakes up. I don't know his name, he passed out early last night and didn't talk much, he was pretty much occupied trying to impress this lady (I think her name was Rita, because we kept singing Rita meter maid by the Beatles) I called her Janice because she reminded me of Janis Joplin, and we sang all the Joplin songs we knew too. the old hippy santa claus guys were really good with the lyrics on that one. Janice taught me a few tai-chi moves. Tai-chi really helps improve balance and calms me down, I think i need to study it some more. I always enjoyed watching them in SF at golden gate park, but never thought about doing it myself for some reason.
 
Anyway, if rash wasn't talking much last night, he was making up for it now, because he starting telling me his life story. He writes poetry (sort of) and had me read some of his stuff. I read it out loud to him because his handwriting had me guessing at some of the words, so he would correct me about twice a paragraph. The reason I call him Rash is because I'm just about finished reading his stuff, when he says, "Hey take a look at this," so I look over, just a quick glance mind you, but it was enough that I'll never forget (unfortunately) because he has his swim trunks pulled open, exposing not only himself, but this hideous rash that starts at his waistline and fills the rest.
 
"Oh GOD what the fuck did you do that for?" He laughs, while I look away in grimace, "damn it dude I haven't even had breakfast yet!" Then I start to laugh.
 
"I had to, this hottie said she'd blow me if I did, so I did it, and she did" Rash is red faced laughing by now and so was I. "Burns like hell, but it was worth it" he adds. "Do you think Rita will do me like this?" he says still chuckling. "You'd better tell her all about it long before you get into that situation" I warn, "One look at that and she's liable to think it's something she could get infected with!" we can't stop chuckling at the thought for at least the next 10 minutes.
 
Rash takes off, and by now the sun is getting pretty hot. I no longer have my hat so I head out down the pier for breakfast, there is a little place on the pier where I get excellent grilled fish tacos heaped with cabbage and misc chopped veggie salsa, perfect. I talk to some of the fisher dudes on pier, most of them are only catching bait for tomorrow's boat ride where they go after real fish.
 
I hang out in the park side of the beach in the shade for a bit and talk to an odd looking Jimi Hendrix fan about the release of several never before published Jimi tunes that got lost in the studio archives. I read the little CD booklet and we talk about life for a bit. The guy is skeletal skinny, and really mellow and relaxing to talk to. I never want to be that skinny, but I hope to one day be so relaxed that I can have that effect on someone. It was nice talking to the guy. I never got his name though. After he left, I tried to play the flute I got the night before. It's harder than it looks because you have to breathe and blow really slowly.
 
Feeling sleepy and with no sign of Jeff all morning, I decide to head back to the bus, finally to my little room, where I can tidy up a bit, get some food and sleep in for work tomorrow.

(what happened in April? During this missing time did I go to SLO?)
 
May 23, 2010 - Red Barn Race. Lorelei and I met up with Mike, Supranee, and Summer in Hollister. Lorelei had signed up to run in a race. She wasn't up to running so I ran in her place, along with Supranee in the 5K run, Mike signed up for the 10K run.
 
June 04, 2010 - Last day at RNT, last day in San Diego. First day with Lorelei and moved into Pruneyard Garden Apartments, 35 Union Ave #16, Campbell, CA 95008.

June 7, 2010 - opened checking account with Chase because they were offering $125 to open one, also because they are across the street at the Pruneyard Shopping Center.

July 12, 2010 - First day at Datadomain/EMC with ERG staffing.

August 6, 2010 - Direct deposit from ERG to Chase.

October, 2010 - Have to pay temp alimony $800 per month, 5 months until March 2011.

November 22-29, 2010 - Trip to Prague Czech Republic! Many photos but did not keep journal at that time. I know we were up most nights and tired in the day from jet-lag. I was reading "Zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance" while staying up nights in our hotel room. It was cold and rainy when we got there, turned into snow on our last day. The taxi arrived on time anyway, our flight was delayed as they kept having to plow the runway and they had to squirt our plane with de-ice chemicals, kind of pink red color, sort of like brake fluid.

December, 2010 - Dad bails me out with 10k at Christmas. I know he hates to do it, but he doesn't rub it in. I really don't know what I would have done without his help. It was his money that she came after, but I was so stupid I spent so much, I don't even know where it all went.

=============
2011
=============

January 7 or 14? 2011: Silver Legacy Reno. We go for Lorelei's brother George's birthday, but he doesn't show. We go to him the next day to celebrate at a sports bar & grill, play some pool and pinball. There is a Greenbay Packers football game on the TV, close to super bowl play-offs and everyone is excited about it. Greenbay wins.

March 4, 2011 Fri: We go to Chicago Title 496 First Street, Los Altos at lunch to sign for the house at 1:00pm. We eat lunch at a taqueria near El Camino.

March 9, 2011 Wed: Paid 15K, from now on, no more 800 per month it will be 400 per month for 2 years for divorce settlement.

March 10, 2011 Thu: House is recorded as being ours. I think Lorelei put in close to 100k down!

March 13, 2011 Sun: filed taxes, paid Fed $548 cleared 16th just 3 days later! Paid state $186 cleared 29th.

March 15, 2011 Tue: The seller has signed an agreement that she will be out of the house before the 15th so Lorelei has scheduled the house to tented for termites & wood mould ON the 15th, very clever.

March 17, 2011 Thu: Purchased a Washer and dryer at Lowes Hardware, they said they could deliver the following Monday about a week later? Lorelei said she was taking that day off of work.

March 21, 2011 Mon: Lowes delivers the Washer and Dryer but can't install because we need to get a stacking clamp or brace of some kind. Lorelei bought the part and I called and rescheduled for them to come back and finish the install, which they did.

March 22, 2011 Tue: Made last payment to the lawyer, it should be the last payment, we should be all done with the divorce mess.

March 25, 2011 Fri: Use Mike's trailer to pick up Sofa in Oakland after work. Rain & Hail on the way up and back, luckily we got a break in the storm as we were loading the sofa. Wrapped it so well in a tarp that it was barely damp when we got it home.

March 26, 2011 Sat: Picked up the UHaul truck, it looks like it is going to rain. Moving furniture from the apartment into the truck. Kim shows up to help, Barbara too! We get it all in around 10pm that night. We end up taking a few things from the truck that night in order to get to our mattress out so we could sleep.

March 27, 2011 Sun: Unloaded and returned the U-Haul truck. Bob and roofing friend show up towards the end but unload the massively heavy dresser that I was worried about. They also inspect the roof and say we have at least 3 layers of roof that need to be pulled off before a new layer can go down. That brings the price up to over $15K! Later that night, Lorelei buys a bed at Mattress Discounters on Stevens Creek & San Thomas. Her nephew is flying in, on leave with the army, and will stay the night at our house so we need a bed ASAP. The store can't deliver until Monday.

March 28, 2011 Mon: Bed delivered as promised. I was there when they arrived, so why wasn't I at work? It must have been first thing that morning or maybe it was just after I returned home after work? The philippino neighbor lady came over and asked them to move their truck, said she had to go to work, they were blocking her driveway.

March 29, 2011 Tue: We go to Target and shop for some of Taylor's foods like Pepsi and Oreo ice cream. Taylor arrives at SJ Airport, we park, find him, then I loop back into the same parking lot to get him to his rental car. Embarrassing mix up, the airport has changed a lot since I was there last and now the rentals are in the same parking structure!

April 1, 2011 Fri: My first day with Advantage, same job at Datadomain, new temp agency, got $3 per hour raise, now making $25 an hour. I start using fieldglass.net for my timecard instead of ERG. At lunch we opened a bank account at Bank of the West to auto pay mortgage.
British Lebanese guy Tony Barnes left Datadomain, along with Leno, the lead hardware engineer, and Kumar, lead software engineer. Lorelei picks me up after work and we head to Chico, CA for a birthday party Kim is throwing Sam. We arrive after dark, the GPS dies as we get to town and we have a hard time finding our hotel. Lorelei left the charging cable in the house.  

April 2, 2011 Sat: We wake up, get some groceries for the party and head over to the trailer park. The party is in the club house. A bouncy house is arriving for Sam, he is way too old for one, 12 or 13, but Summer had one at her party and Sam has apparently been crying for one ever since according to Kim. The clubhouse has a kitchenette and pool tables in the back. I meet Bill. Everybody has a pretty good time I think. We sleep at the hotel that night.

April 3, 2011 Sun: Return to the clubhouse to help clean up. Go to the batting cage place the next day with Taylor & his girlfriend, George. Eat dinner at Applebee's on the way home, stopping to shop at Vacaville outlets, return home that night.

April 7, 2011 Thu: Last day at Pruneyard Garden Apartments.

April 11, 2011 Mon: Eat at Blue Mango Thai restaurant in our new neighborhood. Not as good as Thai Orchid, probably won't go back.

April 17, 2011 Sun: Dumped the load of stuff in Mike's trailer at the landfill in Hollister and returned his trailer to him. They surprised me by following me back to our house for dinner at PF Chang's downtown (2nd street? & San Fernando) with Mike, Supranee & Summer, we walked, it was a good time.

April 19, 2011 Tue: Bought Picnic table at World Market for the family BBQ planned for next weekend.

April 21, 2011 Thu: Vacuumed the attic in preparation for Kim & Sam to sleep there this weekend, so dirty I had to empty the bin twice. Vacuum quit working after over heating just as I was finishing up.

April 22, 2011 Fri: Kim, Mary, Sam, Little dog, Barbara showed up to stay the weekend.

April 23, 2011 Sat: Invited my family over for a BBQ. Dad, Nicole & Matt, Gina & Mom, later Rob showed up. Kim, Sam & Mary had come over Friday night and stayed until Sunday. Barbara showed up Saturday finally meeting my Mom. She stayed the night, we went shopping for Bob's gifts and we watched the movie Burlesque. Sunday Ron, his son, son's wife and kid and a few of Barbara's friends came over for Easter and for Bob's birthday. Bob showed up. We had ham lasagne, homemade cake, white with lemon curd filling. The weather was perfect all weekend.

April 24, 2011 Sun: Easter lasagne & ham at the house with Lorelei's family, also her brother Bob's birthday. Barbara invited her friends from Napa Valley. The guy lost his family vineyard worth millions. The lady said they converted their house into a bed and breakfast, mostly so that they wouldn't lose it to foreclosure. Sam decided he wanted to go home that afternoon, when Kim did not agree, he threw a tantrum and stayed in the van until she left.

April 25, 2011 Mon: Joe Anderl starts working, they put him in my cube with me, right after I read about how bad sitting all day is for your back, general health, I decide to work strictly out of the lab where I stand almost all day. It hurts my legs and feet, but it should get easier after awhile.

April 30, 2011 Sat: Set up auto transfer from Bank of the West checking to Mortgage account. Lorelei finally got logged back into the Bank of the West website too.

May 1, 2011 Sun: Went to AMC Saratoga for a movie... what movie was it? It might have been the President's Speech, then Frankie Johnnie & Luigi's for dinner. I got a prime rib & mushroom over pasta dish, Lorelei got pizza pockets, Calzone I think they are called? Very good, totally stuffed myself and almost felt sick after the apple crumble & ice cream I ate for dessert afterwords. Very stupid of me to eat so much. We went to Trader Joe's afterwords and I just felt sick, I didn't want to look at food.

May 2, 2011 Mon: First mortgage payment went through at the end of the day. I didn't see the transaction at lunch so I called the bank. They said I wouldn't see it happen until the end of the day. That made me nervous, but it was there by the time I got home that night. Navy Seals kill Osama Bin Laden in Pakistan with a helicopter raid.

May 4, 2011 Wed: I don't know how, but even though I jog/walk at lunch, even though it has been a year without drinking (heavily anyway) and I am standing in the Hardware Lab instead of sitting at my cube (which I now share with Joe) I am gaining weight. I am getting pains in my upper back too, which is weird because it is usually my lower back that hurts. I'm starting to stretch out before & after sleeping again. Almost no lower back pain since I have been standing in the lab instead of sitting in the cube. I need to remember my posture.

At lunch time Lorelei said we should get season passes at Great America. At first I said I wasn't interested, but after thinking it over, it sounded like a lot of fun and I wondered why I had a negative initial reaction. I just don't understand myself sometimes. We only went twice and I was already bored.

May 5, 2011 Thu: Cinco de Mayo parade downtown was pretty big, I didn't expect it. Barbara came over our house to stay the night, she was in the parking lot at Lorelei's office UCSC Extension parking lot when I got there. She delivered chairs from George's house in Reno, I think she was there almost all week with him. She also had a car full of boxes that Lorelei had promised to give to Julie-ann. Julie-ann's daughter is getting a divorce and is temporarily moving back in with her Mom. Barbara wanted to drive home afterwords, we had to talk her into staying the night. She got to our house before we did because she used the GPS and freeway, while I used Stevens Creek/San Carlos/Santa Clara streets to get home, which annoyed Lorelei. Barbara was gone by the time we got up the next morning.

May 6, 2011 Fri: I caught up with Lorelei & Julie at Soul Food restaurant in Santa Clara on Coleman Ave after work. I ate catfish with hush puppies. Afterwords we went to Hollister because Supranee was really sick, and we needed to get Summer chicken nuggets for dinner. We got there kind of late, and stayed the night. The next day we took Summer to Barnes & Noble so Mike & Supranee could sleep in. Summer mentioned that Barbara had come to their house and stayed the whole day Thursday. 

May 7, 2011 Sat: Went to Los Banos to visit Lorelei's mother for mother's day. Kim & Mary & the little dog were there too. We played cards and I mowed part of Barbara's back yard because it was getting waist high! They have an electric mower that did a pretty good job, very light and easy to start.

May 8, 2011 Sun: Took Lorelei to see my Mom in San Ramon. We talked about her eye problems, and her retirement planning. We kicked around the idea of turning the garage into a cottage for her to retire in. Her company is moving to the Sacramento area and she doesn't know if she wants to move with them or not, but her apartment is too expensive to go full retirement with.

May 12, 2011 Thu: Saw Thor with Lorelei after work at Mercado AMC. It was okay, kind of weak. We had nachos instead of popcorn, also weak. Still cool that we saw Thor on Thor's day.

May 13, 2011 Fri: Went to World Market to get my Dad a gift basket, saw some decent dressers that Lorelie should get for the bedroom, but wouldn't fit in her car. Got home and watched a netflix DVD about a paralegal who's boss dies after getting her hooked on a case where the black guy is in prison for rape, but did not do it. Lorelei starts painting the wall over the fireplace lavender.

May 14, 2011 Sat: Painted the living room lavender with Lorelei. It took up most of the day. Then we took the Jeep and went to World Market to buy a tall narrow dresser for Lorelei's side of the bed. I started to leave, she wanted to shop at Marshall's. I looped back and parked, immediately got very bored but I saw a pretty good looking grey shirt and got it. She got a shirt for Supranee and I don't remember what else. We left and I think I upset Lorelei by not wanting to shop, but she convinced me to turn back to Target and get windshield wipers. It started to rain as I put on the passenger side blade in the parking lot. I got home and put the dresser together. One of the drawers had a side part that is cracked.

May 15, 2011 Sun: Went to Amelia's for brunch with Gina, Rob, Jacqui, Nic & Matt, Dani, Emma to celebrate Dad's birthday. Emma and Gina had a cold, Adam didn't show, he has a cold. Dani talked a little about her new job with Symantec. I got Dad a gift basket from World Market and a cake from Aki's, chocolate & white cake layers with Raspberry filling and frosting. Gina made both of us wine bundt cakes. Dad gave me $200 check. Afterwards we went to Lorelei's mom's house, on the way we stopped at Lowes in Los Banos and bought her mom a plant which I paid for with the gift cert Danielle had gotten me earlier that day. Barbara she was sick with a cold, and very mean with Ron. We watched a special about the Obama mission, another about prostitution, and played some cards. The heater decided not to work on our way back.

May 16, 2011 Mon: Grilled steaks & baked potato for dinner, played cards with Lorelei at the table. Called dad for his actual b-day around 9pm.

May 17, 2011 Tue: Snacked instead of dinner, played cards and drank tea with Lorelei. When she asked me what I want for my birthday, I said I want to see Club Foot Orchestra play the music for the movie Metropolis at the open air theatre at Villa Montalvo in Saratoga. She asked what else, I said season passes to Great America.

May 18, 2011 Wed: Saw movie 'Priest' after work with Lorelei. Shopped at TJ Maxx looking for Mike "doody" bday gift, going to dinner at their hour Thursday night. His birthday is May 19 I think. After the movie we went to Barnes & Noble on Stevens Creek to get Dood a book on growing and making stuff at home, they called it homesteading.

May 19, 2011 Thu: Woke up with a sore throat, started feeling a little sick at work close to lunch. Ate at Carl's Jr. because Coco's area on Lawrence was too crowded. Lorelei is taking the afternoon off at work and probably won't work tomorrow either. She is getting Mike a GPS for his birthday. We are going to their house in Hollister tonight for his birthday dinner if I start feeling better, or at least not worse. Sonny and Alex are out of the office today, which gives me very little to do.
 
May 20, 2011 Fri: I am feeling sick, but go into work anyway expecting since Sonny and Alex are out that it will be a slow day, but Alex needed 3 systems prepped for shipping and kuma12 needed firmware & HDD updates, I wanted to leave early so I worked through lunch. Around 1pm Lorelei shows up with lunch from Specialties, tuna sandwich and a peanut butter cookie. Perfect timing, we ate in the quad in front of the cafeteria at an umbrella table. After work Lorelei picks me up and we head down Central to Mathilda to Saratoga to Villa Montalvo to see Club Foot Orchestra play Metropolis, with a Felix the cat cartoon opener. We got there around 6, show started at 8. At first the weather was great, we hiked around the hills until we got tired. As the show started it got cold, but it was fun. We took 9 through Los Gatos to 17 to 280 to Santa Clara on the way home. At home she had a birthday cake from Akis, raspberry chocolate, the same I got for my Dad, but she didn't remember it was the same. We played some cards and drank tea but I was really tired so we went to bed I guess around 11:30. 

July 1 - July 4, 2011 Fri-Mon:
4th of july 3 day weekend, pretty uneventful. Friday @ 4:30pm, Lorelei is sick, wants to go home, I get out at 5:30 to find her in the parking lot, Julie-ann had given her a ride. She sleeps the rest of the night, I drink PBR and watch conspiracy documentaries on Netflix: Aliens from History, Patriot Act killed the constitution, Collapse about oil running out an interview with Michael C. Ruppert.

Saturday July 2: slept in until 11, played some games, tried to break up the front yard concrete. Went to Safeway, got oil, coolant and fuel injectors flushed at jiffy lube Campbell. Very hot day, parks crowded. Lorelei sick and slept most of the day. 

Sunday July 3, went to Hollister, got Famous Dave's BBQ. Went swimming with Lorelei, Summer, Brittany. Got fresh eggs, watched Family Guy Return of the Jedi and Rio, left around 11pm. Got home around midnight.

Monday July 4, had plans to go to Great America, but they aren't having fireworks and closed at 8pm! Jip! Went to movies Camera 3,  saw "First Flyers" I think it was called, Holland folks flying to New Zealand on KLM,  the guy fathers a baby but doesn't know, with a woman who was engaged, and starts a winery, and dies and everybody relives the past as they come to see him. Pretty good movie, kind of sad, probably a true story.

Aug 20, 2011 Sat: Bob and Fina Garcia's 50th Wedding Anniversary party, Lorelei and I went. It was held at a golf resort in Morgan Hill. Kim & Don came up from Chico to help paint the house, Don borrowed my 12 string. Don likes the Beatles... a lot. He bought a guitar pickup and amp at a yard sale on Sunday. I didn't paint very much, it was hot and I was tired, could not get motivated, felt like I could not breath well.

Aug 25, 2011 Thu: Quanta Labs to finish last 2 tests and return the Kuma to the office, then change into swim trunks and head to lake Anderson in Morgan Hill off 101 for company "team build" party. Went on boat & inner tube, only held on about 15 minutes and got too tired after flipping to continue.

Aug 26, 2011 Fri: Got vitamin NAC in the mail after getting home from work, started taking them with breakfast the next day. Also started getting sore throat, maybe from the lake?

Aug 27, 2011 Sat: Lorelei had to work, I painted the kitchen cabinet door that I made & re hung it. Went to Supranee's house for dinner around 6pm, but we didn't talk about Mike leaving the house like Lorelei's mother wanted us to. I feel like I am getting a cold, nose is all stuffed.

Aug 28, 2011 Sun: Celebrated Nichole & Danielle's birthday parties at Gina's. Lorelei and I picked up my Dad at 1:30, got to Gina's at 2pm, left around 6pm, got home around 7:30. Started running around the block after getting up, cough a lot but that is probably half to do with my cold, the other with the jogging.

Aug 29, 2011 Mon: taking vitamins with breakfast, running around the block when I get up and when I get home. Mailed Sept Alimony before going to work. Saw Disney's "Tangled" on Netflix.

Aug 30, 2011 Tue: At lunch in student lounge with Lorelei, went to Carl's for chicken then across the street to look at hardware store. Went home, ran around the block, saw movie "the Company Men" with Ben Affleck. Still running around the block in the morning and when I get home.

Aug 31, 2011 Wed: Mom emails to say she does not want to come over this weekend, I email back why? But I don't expect an answer. I won't tell Lorelei until I am sure she won't change her mind a second time. We go home for lunch, I eat pb&j with 2 baked potatoes, used unsweetened yogurt instead of sour cream which works out very well! Lorelei is sick and will not go back. I take the jeep back to the office. After work back home we watch a movie half in Italian, starring Cate Blanchett and Giovanni Ribisi called "Heaven".

September 01, 2011 Thu: Mom emails to say she just doesn't feel well. What to do? Lorelei's Mom Barbara was supposed to be at our house for her birthday party but she said she would be on a road trip so we will have 3 day labour day weekend with no plans. I told Lorelei my Mom is not coming as we ate lunch under the back stairs at her office. There is a table and a big window there, it is a good place to eat lunch I think. After work back home, we watch a cop action movie set in London. Lorelei is very sick all night, in the tub, puking often. I heard scraping noises in the wall, I checked outside for squirrels, there were none, so Lorelei was right, we probably have mice or even rats that are crawling in between the inside and outside walls. Yuck! I ran around the block without getting very tired.

September 1 - 15, 2011: We try not to eat bread, and I try to run around the block at least once a day.

September 10, 2011 Sat: Going to Lake Tahoe to celebrate Barbara's birthday. Lorelei has rented a room with a kitchen so she can cook at Aston Lakeland Village Beach & Mountain Resort
3535 Lake Tahoe Blvd., South Lake Tahoe, California 96150 phone: 1-530-5441685. Be back Sunday afternoon.

September 15 -ish: Lorelei buys 2 tickets to Puerto Rico for Oct 10-14th. I asked for that week off of work, I didn't get a yes or a no, so I guess it is okay. We had to express order Lorelei's passport renewal too. She is looking to reserve a hotel park & ride deal like we had when we went to Prague. The price of parking long term at SFO was close to that of the hotel, so it was a bargain last time. Hopefully something similar works out this time too. My passport is good until 2013.

September 16, Fri: After work I take Lorelei to see "Columbiana" at the AMC Mercado. It was pretty good, paid for by tickets I won at the company picnic at lake Anderson. We also signed up for "Stubbs" card when we bought some popcorn and a cherry icee.

September 22, 2011 Thu: Petersen Dean shows up to start our roof repair (about $15k?).

September 23, Fri: After work I take Lorelei to see "Contagion" with Kate Winslet, Gwyneth Paltrow, Marky Mark and a bunch of starts at the Imax screen at AMC Mercado. We split a foot-long at Subway, tuna on wheat, so we didn't get popcorn, but I still got a large cherry slushy. Signed up at the Stubbs web site because there is a drawing for $100.

September 26, 2011 Mon: Still getting the roof replaced. The roofers started last Thursday (9/22?), removed 3 layers and found a partial 4th metal layer. They stopped waiting for me to sign a work order saying we would pay another $650 dollars. I see Javier Friday morning, he did not know the price agreed, said it was $64 p/sq. ft, I remembered the email was half of that so he quoted $32 the total came out to $600. I said that was somehow less than the email, he said it was close enough, so I signed. They replaced a lot of the plywood and laid about a third of the material Saturday. Sunday they were back and finished laying the tile, a good thing too because it sprinkled off and on all day Sunday.

To avoid the roofing construction noise, Lorelei & I went to Gilroy Gardens Saturday. It was larger and more fun than I thought it would be. Shortly after entering, Lorelei decided to get the tour, so we waited for a few others to show up and a guy named Bob walked around the park with us talking about all the plants and history of the park. After the tour we ate a crescent sandwich and went on a boat ride (the paddle boat line was too long and slow). We went to get funnel cake next, they didn't have banana topping so we got apple. The Apple was good, but the funnel cake was kind of crappy. I also started getting a headache that would not go away for the rest of the day. We went into the greenhouse, then on a gold mine roller-coaster, which we thought was the train. 

We went home but the roofers were still there, so we ate dinner at a local Mexican restaurant. I got diced steak & cheese (Alambres) with corn tortillas, it was very good but I ate too much so now I had a headache and a stomach ache. After we got home I went to bed (around 7pm) and slept until 9am the next day! On Sunday we went shopping in Gilroy, I was still so tired until we stopped at Starbucks and I drank a big pumpkin spice latte. We went to the DSW shoe store, J. Crew, Banana Republic, and looked around at all the other stores. 

After shopping we went to Coyote Lake and saw a family of deer, walked over the dam and saw a herd of cow. On the way home we ate dinner at Chez Sovan, a Cambodian place on Bascom near Union. Great chicken curry over rice! Also Tom Yum soup and beef salad. There was enough left over for lunch today. Lorelei took the car, hopefully I don't get asked to go to Flextronics. Lorelei said she was going to give blood, I hope it does not get in the way of lunch, I am already very hungry. 

Lorelei picked me up for lunch, we went to Carl's for turkey burgers, the line was too long at Kaiser, she is going to give blood after lunch.
After work she picked me up, I was able to get Mark's system working, the cable to the power button had been removed, also 31601 cards were preventing boot up. I also got Steve Pinkham's system working by removing his SAS2 cards, he says he does not need them anyway. Got home and looked for SFO park & fly hotel deals, Lorelei got one at Doubletree. 

September 27, 2011 Tue: I went to bed early last night around 9pm, very tired, did not get up until the alarm went off at 7:15, still did not get out of bed until after 7:30! Why so tired? Jogged 80% around the block. Checked email but did not sell the Nexsys FPGA circuit board on Amazon yet.

October 7, 2011 Fri?: Not sure about the date but Dad goes into El Camino hospital right around this day either the 6th or the 7th, he got dizzy and fell during the night, he was too weak to get up, did not seem to know at the time that he had a mini stroke.

October 10, 2011 Mon: Puerto Rico vacation until Oct 14. We have some photos, but I was not keeping up the journal at the time. I danced with a carnival type group in the Hotel restaurant, and got into a small rental car crash while looking for the tour boat. Rental insurance took care of everything, I gave them the police report number, and they just gave me a new set of keys, no questions asked. Amazing! The intersection had no stop sign and the kid hit my side of the car (driver side) back door. My air bags did not deploy, his did. I spoke a little Spanish to the police man, he spoke a little English to me. He claimed it was both our fault, I agreed. I did not stop at the intersection, there was no sign and the cars were parked so close together and between tall buildings, that I didn't see the kid until after he hit us. It was a good trip despite the accident. We only had minor bruises and the car continued to run. The ocean was warm and calm, the hotel pool was great, had a waterfall and slide. The rainforest was beautiful, the old fort was fun, the food and drinks were great.

October 31, 2011 Mon: 10am Dad released from El Camino Los Gatos physical rehab center, I drive him home. I meet Visiting Angels rep. 

November 10, 2011 Thu: Dad sent to El Camino emergency for dizziness, passed out with Physical therapist.

November 12, 2011 Saturda. Dad has another stroke, transferred from El Camino to Stanford, has mechanical retrieval procedure to extract left side brain clot. Has a big stroke Saturday night, now he can no longer talk, cannot move left side.

November 13, 2011 Sun: Visit Dad at Stanford ICU.
November 18, 2011 Fri: Gina and I meet with Stanford Palliative care team. Inform them that we want 'comfort care' not life support.
November 19, 2011 Sat: Spend the day with Dad in ICU.
November 20, 2011 Sun: Spend the day with Dad in ICU.
November 21, 2011 Mon: Dishwasher delivery and Stanford meeting with doctors to say the same thing we told the Palliative care team the previous Friday.
November 22, 2011 Tue: Work with Shaun Tran about disk RVI tests.
November 23, 2011 Wed: took day off of work, removing Dad's ventilator.
November 24, 2011 Thu: office closed for Thanksgiving, moving Dad out of ICU to normal room. Sometimes he opens his eyes, sometimes he tries to talk.
November 25, 2011 Fri: office closed for Thanksgiving, Dad gets pulmonary embolism, a clot in his lung artery. They start the morphine drip.
November 26, 2011 Sat: They remove the rest of the tubes and treatment. Got email from Mom that Aunt Alice died. 
November 27, 2011 Sun: Dad dies around 10:45am. I call Gina and Shirley and Mom. Gina was just down the street shopping with Rob, she had been there all morning.
November 28, 2011 Mon: Out of office until Dec 05, boss says take the week off with pay. I sit around not knowing what to do. I visit the library & do some Christmas shopping.
November 29, 2011 Tue: Javier & workers rip old gutters off the house, cover the gap with wood and paint with primer.
November 30, 2011 Wed: finished painting trim where workers had removed gutter. 

December 01, 2011 Thu: sore legs, download and play Warzone 2100.
December 02, 2011 Fri: Workers hang new curved gutters while I play Warzone 2100.
December 03, 2011 Sat: Christmas shopping at Santana Row and Valley Fair.
December 04, 2011 Sun: returned library items, shopped at Michael's craft store, ate at Chili's, got home and wrapped gifts.
December 05, 2011 Mon: return to work, passwords expired, reset Windows password, but web email and VPN fail. Lunch at IHOP with Lorelei. After work we shop at Target, we watch Tin Man while eating tri-tip steak, Lorelei makes potato soup for work, the kitchen sink plugs up while dishwasher is running. I am able to remove drain and clear it.

December 06, 2011 Tue: got web email and VPN working again. Lunch at Specialties with Lorelei, then Macy's to buy a suit. Shopped at Safeway SCU and watched "10 Things I hate about you" at home, ate Safeway roasted chicken.

December 07, 2011 Wed: Lorelei drives separate, she has to prepare for Julie Ann's retirement tea party.
December 08, 2011 Thu: Got a "condolences" letter from Kelly Townsend and Ginger

December 10, 2011 Sat: Funeral at Spangler Mortuary in Sunnyvale at 1pm, I plan to be there at noon to help Gina. Sean showed up, which surprised me. Steve was there too, he is teaching in Monterey area for the week. Had some trouble setting up the laptop to the projector until I lowered the resolution. Finance guys were there too.

December 15, 2011 Thu: Fly out to Illinois with Gina for Dad's 2nd service. 10am Southwest Airlines, Lorelei will give me a ride there around 8am. Got through the security and to the gate in less than 30 minutes. Bought a Neil Gaiman book about a boy raised in a cemetery by ghosts. Gina was waiting at the gate when I got out of the book store. We sat in the first row seats which gave a little more leg room. After landing in midway airport, got our luggage and next to luggage was Enterprise. We got a silver Dodge Avenger. About an hour down HWY 50 we arrive in Pontiac, nearly miss the turn off road in the darkness, but found Shirley's house, Scott was already there. 

December 16, 2011 Fri: Up early, shower and into a suit, taking some photos, for Dad's service. About 50 people showed up, surprising everyone and nearly filling the little mortuary. The preacher and Gina gave their speeches then we headed out to Chenoa cemetery to bury the box. After the service we headed to a diner for lunch. I had a club sandwich and coffee. Back at Shirley's house after that and out of the suit.

December 17, 2011 Sat: Hung around Shirley's house chatting over coffee around the kitchen table and watching TV. Shirley and Gina drove around town a bit, Scott and I took a walk down to the end of the street, out to the little town cemetery in Pontiac.

December 18, 2011 Sun: Up early and out to Midway airport. Turned in the car quick enough but had to wait 45 minutes to get through security in the Christmas rush and heard the announcement that they were boarding our flight as soon as we got through. I didn't even have my shoes tied as we jogged down the hall to our gate. I read half my book while Gina slept through most of the flight.

December 28, 2011 Wed: Had to work until 1am! There was a problem with an LSI 3081 SAS HBA that could stop production on Yogi/Orca/Boo, we have to test and make sure because it could cost the company millions. The problem cards were rev E and didn't arrive in SFO until 9pm. Shaun Tran and I got 16 shelf units and 6 systems loaded with various DDOS revs 4.9, 5.0, 5.1, which took hours to get running right.

December 29, 2011 Thu: Slept in until 11, no alarm, what a great way to wake up. Lorelei had gotten up first, she has the week off of work, but has to drive her Mom to the doctors in Chico. Barbara is staying with us off and on while recovering from her foot surgery. I got to work around noon, didn't do too much, got QA the SAS cards they wanted from our systems, a little back and forth with Shaun troubleshooting some of the E rev card failures, some issues were related to shelves that didn't transmit discovery strongly or clearly enough for some of the cards to hear. Hard to say what the problem is, could partly be the transmission from our shelves, but the new cards are worse in any case. Maybe they have weaker receivers. Today is my last day as an EMC temp, tomorrow I am a full time employee. I submitted my last Advantage timecard @ 9:40pm.

December 30, 2011 Fri: First day as an EMC full time employee. 

December 31, 2011 Sat: Fixed the heater in Lorelei's Mitsubishi somewhat. I had ordered a replacement electric motor, got the dash out and pulled the battery so I could pull the power cables out without deploying the airbags. But there was still too much in the way to get the motor out, but I could detach it from the radiator valve lever so the heater works. I'll either have to get the new motor in place or just move the switch every summer/winter. Later in the evening I took a very cranky reluctant Lorelei to the Saddlerack for Mardi Gras New years eve party. I'm glad tickets were only $35 each and it wasn't too far away. I did not drink much since I was driving and the music was so-so. The Mechanical bull was the best part.

=============
2012
=============

January 1, 2012 Sun: Pretty much just sat around the hose playing Mario Bros while Ron sat watching me. I might have cut some tree branches in front of the house.

January 2, 2012 Mon: Office closed. Went to Gina/Mom's to help Mom move into Gina's. Got the display case from Gina's garage and some boxes. The Jeep started stalling on me when idle. I had to restart a few times and found that it will stay running if I put it in neutral and rev it a little while waiting at lights. Not good, and I don't want to spend any more money on it.

January 6, 2012 Fri: Did Brenda come to the house after work for Margaritas?
January 7, 2012 Sat: Took both Mitsubishi and the Aurora cars into Jiffy Lube. Also washed the Mitsubishi at the coin op wash in Campbell for 12 quarters.
January 8, 2012 Sun: Brenda came over for breakfast? I remember scrambled eggs and Coffee in living room talking to Barbara. 

January 13, 2012 Fri: Met Lorelei for Lunch at Bluez Bayou, ate chicken salad and catfish appetizer. Walked over to Game Castle store. Went back after work for happy hour sangrias and the appetizer sampler plate. Very good ribs. Home for some more sangria and some Roswell from Netflix. Into bed about midnight.

January 14, 2012 Sat: Did not sleep well last night, up at 4am, but feeling pretty good today. Spent the early morning looking all over the house for my headphones. Jogged around the block, listened to music after finding my headphones in a laptop bag in the attic. Jogged around the block a second, warmer time. I don't know how the time could pass so quickly to noon already. I ordered a replacement tail light cover for Lorelei's Mitsubishi Galant from amazon.com. Lorelei is making coffee cake and we'll go out for coffee soon. Listening to a lot of Iggy Pop lately. I wish I had a good book to read.

April 7, 2012: Bought Lorelei a new 2012 Subaru Forester for $28k.

May 2012: Got our old real estate agent John Esposa to sell both of Dad's condos. Had to evict the tenants from the other unit, but gave them a chance to buy and plenty of notice. 

May 2012: Got a Tom Tom GPS from Lorelei for my birthday.

July 2012: We got Comcast cable TV/Internet, cancelled AT&T phone and DSL Extreme internet. Wireless is not quite as good, but close enough. 

July 12, 2012: Nicole gave birth to Brayden!

July 25 2012: went camping and some minor hiking at Mt. Madonna with Lorelei, Wed & Thursday, took those days off sick from work.
* Things are getting busy at work, it's getting annoying, I want to start taking North Carolina more seriously, so I'm brushing up my resume and found a job posting EMC Apex for a system test technician that I would be a good candidate for, I will apply for it if I can get my resume together in time to do so. Then we can plan a trip to go with the interview (if I get an interview) if not we'll go sometime soon anyway. They've got good houses for $200k and looks like lots of computer jobs there Durham/Raleigh/Apex/Research Triangle Park area. I am looking forward to the change, but really not wanting to move all of Lorelei's heavy stuff all the way across the United States. Renting the house here, while getting another house over there seems like the best option, but we'll probably rent a place at first, to give us time to find a house to buy.

August 10, 2012: Lorelei quit her job with UCSC Extension and she took a woodworking class at Mission College. She also put her mother's mortgage onto our joint account at Bank of the West without even asking! Oh and she built a work table. I am a upset about the mortgage bomb drop, but don't know what to do about it right now.

October 2012: Lorelei's 50 something brother Bill got an 18 year old, friend of his daughter, pregnant. He married her (Kacey) right around the time she gave birth to a girl, named her Linea (but we all call her Grace).
  
* My Mom has been staying with Aunt Barb, got an apartment down the street, same road, in Council Bluffs.
* Replaced the fence around the house with nice tall trellis pattern top. Put up a picket fence in the front yard too. Ron helped, even though we didn't ask him or want him too. Ron seems depressed, and he is losing his hearing.

Sept 28 - October 5, 2012: I went to New York City for vacation in October, missing hurricane Sandy by about 2 weeks. I read Patti Smith's 'Just Kids' from a free bookshelf at work during the flight to NYC, and the stay in Manhattan. Went to the Chelsea Hotel and had a couple beers at the lounge. Rented a car, drove up to Cape Cod and bought a double Patti Smith CD from an indie record store there.
* Listened to a lot of Bob Dylan this year, especially the bootleg series. Do not seem to be getting any better with the guitar.
* Jacqui had a bad liver reaction to too much Tylenol.

October 31, 2012: Got Lorelei an iPad for her birthday.

Oct 31, 2012: Lorelei and her mother decided to get two cats from the humane society. Black one named Raven but I call her Sha-nay, and a grey one we haven't really named yet. I was mad a first because when she asked I said I didn't want pets, but it's not so bad... just a little stinky and the sofa is ripped up. But first the mothers mortgage, next quitting the job without finding a new one first, now pets! I am feeling pushed around and walked on and I don't like it at all, but I'm trying to work it out, I am not ready to call it quits, but things look bad from here.

Nov 2012: Lorelei and I went to Gina's house for Thanksgiving. Still haven't gotten the trust money from the sale of Dad's condo's 6 months ago, getting worried.

Nov 2012: Jeff started emailing from a loony clinic, he's not sure what happened but the tire place closed, so he was out of work and out a place to live. Lost his mind on a long drinking binge and somehow got arrested and taken to a loony clinic. His TB showed up, this time resistant to traditional meds so he's decided to go for disability finally. He called the other day to say he got hit by a Camero and is now in the hospital with his jaw wired shut and a broken arm. He is going to sue the driver who was distracted driving while on his cell phone.

Nov 2012: Gina decided we should give Mom some money, she said $5k, I said $10k. This way Mom won't worry about the moving expenses, furniture, etc.

* Lorelei and I both read 3 Hunger Games books then gave them to Summer. We also heard that the Barnes & Noble in Pruneyard is closing and that's a little sad for us, we both like it there.
* Christmas, we were late getting to my sister's house, everyone met Xmas eve, we went xmas day. Spend the next couple of weeks trying to get gifts out to Dani & Niki, their apt is walled off, wanted to surprise them, but could not get in. Xmas eve we entertained at our house, the Turducken was dry, Lorelei decided not to get that again. Ron's brother and wife were here, Ron's son and wife, Mike, Supranee and Summer came over, Summer played with Ron's grandson, Aron. The power went out when we were washing dishes, I tripped the main when looking at the breaker box with Mike, reset it and didn't have problems after that. 

Dec 2, 2012 Sun: Hard to believe almost an entire year as gone by since my last journal entry. So let's see, what happened this year? 

* I took an intro Python class at UCSC and Aced it, then I took the intermediate Python class and failed it.

* At work, they made Mark Lipford my manager, near the end of the year they re-organized and put me into the quad socket group and they are going to hire a new manager and move me from Mark to him. My focus will change from YOB/Artemis to Kuma/Apollo. I learned how to make DDOS USB sticks, but I still need an 'EMC Image' Linux workstation to run 'mkusb' correctly. I got though my reviews with Mark somehow, Tai took over as 'lab tzar' pushing for a clean lab and a fixed thermal chamber. I learned you can't install DDOS if the sysdate is too far into the future. I worked alot with Michael Nguyen on YOB new firmware and SAS/FC card qual tests. Sonny Field offered me a job at Twitter in the parking lot. I learned about the crazy Vietnamese coffee shops. I started skipping breakfast and sometimes lunch, drinking Eco vitamins instead, for over 2 months, but didn't lose any weight!?!

* Got some money through Gina from my Dad's trust, refinanced the house, put $100k in, changed from 30 year @ 5.25% to a 15 year @ 3%.
  
2012, Dec: Jeff found my email after getting admitted to a hospital for alcohol abuse madness. He has internet there and nothing to do. They let him have in out privileges after awhile.
He then got run over by a car... 3 times? And is now in a medical hospital, and somehow has been arrested a couple of time in between. He is expecting big insurance settlements, saying something about going to Spain as soon as he gets it.
Lorelei hosted a Christmas party at our house, her Mom, Ron, his brother and son's families, Mike, Supranee, Summer filled the house. We ate Turducken and a good apple pie and yule log cake. Party went well, lots of laughs and good times despite blowing power breaker from running dish washer. She is still out of work, depressed, didn't finish her wood working class, but filled the garage with a bunch abandoned wood chairs and power tools. She started painting the kitchen Jan 6th.
Mom visited Gina, came over a couple of weekends, gave me her secret S&W 38 to get rid of for her, she never told my sister she was hiding it in her house and now she's moving to Council Bluffs Iowa, and doesn't know what to do with it, does not have registration docs. It bugs me how irresponsible that is, and so counter her pacifistic psychic awareness phase, but Lorelei's brother Mike will take it, so I have no reason to be upset. Lorelei wants to keep it but she is too emotionally unstable, had commented too many times about suicide for me to let her have it, plus my Mom says it needs to be serviced, some guy she was trying to sell it to said the firing pin is bad. Gina gave her 10k for her move from the trust, so now she doesn't want me to ship any of her junk in the attic.
Danielle and Adam came over for lunch a few days after Christmas, which went well. She lost her key in our living room but I found it a day later while watching Kevin Costner horror movie about a mound in his yard hosting mole like critter people in it what want to turn his daughter into their queen. Stupid movie. Adam likes Mucha, Belgian ale, and has the same guitar amp as I do.
Rained so much this Dec the orange tree fell over and we have mushrooms in the front and back yard. Gutters are overflowing too, but no roof leaks.

==============
2013
==============
2013 Jan:
Mike “Doodie” came over to check our electrical. Plug and tube working is still active and the dishwasher is connected to it so it has no ground! We are out of circuit breaking switches in the breaker box, but Mike says we can use double breaker switches... he calls them wafers? Says if I get 12 gauge wire I can put in 30 amp wafer switches in, use breaker for the bedrooms for the dishwasher, and connect bedroom outlets to kitchen outlet circuit. STILL I NEED TO GET ELECTRICIAN FOR THIS I THINK... or just remember not to run anything in dining and living room when running dishwasher!

Gina sent email Jan 5 or 6, asking for SS & address to close out the Trust. Her birthday is Friday Jan 25.

Things are slow at work, Kuma BMC FA issues, YOB PLX chip changes have finished. I sometimes think about after getting the trust money, moving some place cheaper to live, getting a management company (or Lorelei?) and rent out the San Jose house. Our mortgage is a bit over $1000 + $300 in tax, and we could probably get $2000 in rent.

* January my sister had her bday @ Garcia's house in Sunnyvale, I went Lorelei did not.
* At work , I shifted from YOB & Kuma support to Apollo and Kuma support, Jeannie goes back to being my manager, work with Alex again, we hire Tu Lam. YOB team Shaun Tran become Project Manager, Michael Nguyen hires Nestor(Filipino, skinny) shared a cube with Hai Tran the Artemis technician.
* Movies this year: Avengers, Iron Man 3. TV shows: Breaking Bad, Walking Dead, Game of Thrones.

March 12, 2013: Emma's 3rd bday party at Vasona park. I got her a Styrofoam glider that she liked. We took her on the carousel while Rob waited in line for the little train, he took Emma on a train ride while we tried to get photos with our phone.

May 2013: went to Omaha/Council Bluffs, with Lorelei to see my mother for mother's day. Had BBQ at Aunt Barb's house, Cindy and Danny were there. Barb is on oxygen and Uncle Gene has a pacemaker and is skinny and weak now. Danny took us out to dinner and we walked around downtown Omaha for awhile.

* Lorelei find a friend who's husband wants to be an architect, he comes over and estimates the apartment over the garage project, wants to charge $5000 for drawings, Lorelei decides to do the project herself and takes a couple of classes on Architecture, building codes and a modelling class, drops the modelling class, I decide moving to North Carolina is better than building the apartment over the garage, don't want to spend the money doing both at the same time, so I say we scrap the garage project, at least for now.
* Danielle/Adam/Emma Light moved to Dublin, a few miles from my sister's house, we went to House warming party there. 
* Nicole/Matt/Brayden Fischer moved a block away from my sister in Pleasanton, we went to Brayden's bday there. They have a school next to their back yard. Gina mentions getting a vacation home in Arnold, CA, wants me to go in with her about $80K, I decline because I want to keep the option of moving to North Carolina open. 

August 14th: 5pm, had dentist appointment, needed 2 antibiotic shots for gum infection. Hurt like HELL! Lucky Lorelei had some kind of synthetic opiate that numbed the pain. Barbara has gum disease and a prescription for it. I took Thursday off work to recuperate, spent the day with GIMP.
* Lysa has been dropping hellos on Facebook, got me posting my doodles and vacation photos to Flickr. Found Kevin Liebel and Chris Warren there too.

August 20th: Barbara shows up with Mike, Lorelei's cousin. Mike's son is going to SFSU for music, Barbara invited him to stay at our house. Didn't bother to ask us of course. Who are we to say no to her greatness anyway? And if we did say no, wouldn't that be some exciting gossip to spread around the family? So either way she wins and she knows it... she never pulls that shit with Deputy Mike Doodie, so there is only so much we can attribute to her age. Anyway, Mike is a cool guy and is not bother. His flight is 28th so that makes 7 days he'll be staying here, no need to mention it Barbara.
  
August 23, 2013: Lorelei called at 7pm to let me know her Uncle Mike's car got impounded in SF. Don't know how long that will take. I had to work late anyway. We'll be taking Apollo to Quanta Labs for chamber tests next week and the system is barely stable Tu Lam & Ben Vu. Ben started around the first of August. Jeannie says our department hired 12 of 14 recs this last quarter. Not bad, big growth time for EMC. Lorelei has reservations for Mt. Madonna camping tomorrow, but I don't know if that will happen or not. She has not prepared, it is running late, and it has been damn hot this last week. I am sort of indifferent, it was fun the first time, but that was a weekday, and the weather was good. Hard to say, Barbara is not even here, her car is gone too, Lorelei did not say she was with them in SF so my guess is Barbara ditched Mike here, so going camping might be really rude for us to even try. I will have to wait and see. (We did go camping anyway, it was fun, even though it was noisy, a big family from India was having a karaoke birthday party there, the ranger had to shut them down). I am still scheduled to have a business trip to NC in September, got my company Amex and everything. Moving there keeps seeming better all the time. My dream is to rent this house out for enough to pay both mortgages, and maybe retire in 10-12 years when this house is paid off and we can live off of the rent here. Maybe work part time or contract work. Then spend my off days making art and camping...maybe learn to fish. It is worth trying.
  
Sept 1, 2013: labour day weekend, Friday night = GIMP, Saturday = Kick Ass2 @ down town AMC & dinner at PF Chang's, Facebook connected with Rob Pike, Glenn Aldrich, Brian Moseley. Sunday = Hollister BBQ Ribs & Iron Man 3. Spent each morning jogging around the block. I really need to jog more.
 
Sept 2013: I did take that business trip to North Carolina, stayed at Hilton next to Raleigh/Durham airport. Saw Bluegrass festival in downtown Raleigh. Love the area, very clean, really want to move there. We took a 3 hour drive to Surf City beach town. Rolled out the Apollos in the Durham office without many problems. I get back and some CCOE china folks send an email out to a bunch of people saying my PXE file had to write permissions and so prevented them from doing any testing. Turns out that the directory has delete permissions so they could have just deleted my file and replaced it, and I replied to that big group of people so everyone would know it was not my fault... so HA-HA!
  
October 20, 2013: Got sick last week, chest cold. Took Monday - Wednesday off of work. Got Facebook connected with Damon Byers and Carry Mueler, Jimmy Green and Kevin Hellon also Keith Horton. There is a lot of FB activity from Lysa Cunningham/Luna/Ann. Kim and Mary stayed over the weekend, we went to Vietnamese food Saturday. Mary was cranky the whole time. Kim was in a pretty good mood. She helped Lorelei paint the ceiling of our dining room. This weekend Loreli is sick, same symptoms as my cold. I still cough and am congested, but feeling better. Too sick to jog or go anywhere still. I color some old doodles and find new brushes to add to GIMP. Had fun making backgrounds with them and put my Hunter Thompson in front of it, put it on Facebook.
  
Life goes by so fast... 44 years of life and I can't even remember enough to fill 2000 lines.

Oct 29, 2013 Tues: Went to Dave's for Lorelei's bday dinner. Mike had gotten into a car accident while training a new deputy, and can't turn his head!
  
Oct 31, 2013 Thur: Lorelei's birthday, Kim and Mary are here. I got her a trip to Portland Oregon Nov 27 - Dec 1, during work Thanksgiving break. I went to Aki's Bakery after work, but they were closed so I got a cake at Safeway, decorated it with Happy Birthday candles, wrote her name in cake gel and lit in singing happy birthday song to her. That weekend (Nov 2) Lorelei has been acting angry for several days, finally says to me 'you would be okay if I forgot your birthday wouldn't you?' I went off. I started ranting about her lack of job, car I bought, the trip and all. She didn't realize the trip was for her birthday, even though I already spoke to her about how she said 'nothing' when I asked her what she wanted for her birthday so I thought a trip would be good. Got so mad I was thinking about leaving, but decided to simply take more control over my finances instead. I was thinking of getting my own Bank of the West account to put direct deposit into, and paying house mortgage out of that account, then transfer funds to our 'joint' account (the one that her Los Banos mortgage is connected to) when needed or even an allowance.

Nov 2, 2013 Sat: Jogged around block, went to Hollister, shot G20 .40 calibre Glock pistol with Mike.
  
Nov 8, 2013 Fri: Saw Thor 2 @ downtown theatre. Ate at Indian place near there first, I had soup and chai. After movie, jogged around the block.

Nov 9, 2013 Sat: Jogged around the block, took Caltrain to SF, got off @ 4th street, got coffee and doodled, then book store near Market St. Then ate dinner at Maltese Falcon restaurant surf and turf was okay, not great. On the walk back to the train my right hip hurt and I had to pee so we stopped in a sports bar to rest a bit and I got an Anchor Steam beer. I was very sleepy on the ride home, took a little nap, then drove from Diridon station back to the house.

Nov 10, 2013 Sun: Jogged around the block, was going to Hillsboro mall San Carlos, when Supranee calls inviting us over for dinner @ Dickeys, we get pork ribs. Lorelei leaves her bag, we try to drive back but can't find it, drive back to Mike's Supranee goes with us, I forgot to turn on Meridian street, so we had driven around it. Got home kind of late, went to sleep. 
 
Nov 5, 2013 Fri: Went to Andy's BBQ for dinner. Traffic thick on 101 so we drove up El Camino all the way to San Carlos to see the 2 story Barnes and Noble bookstore, got Starbucks coffee on the way so I could use restroom. I bought Demystifying Operating Systems book at B&N.
 
Nov 16, 2013 Sat: Jogged the block, Kim came to town for dental work, stayed the weekend. Jeff's sister Veronica friended me on Facebook, asked about Jeff, she did not know about his TB or being hit by a car. I have been jogging around the block in the morning most days, in the evening some days, for about two weeks now. Ray Parker asked if I was loosing weight so I know it's working. Also I stopped putting Coffee Mate in my coffee after I found out how BAD it is, trans fat and all the most BAD stuff for you. I think that helps.

* Jackie got accepted at University of Arizona, where her boyfriend Dillon goes to school. Gina is very proud, first one of us that went to college right after high school. Alex has graduated Beauty School and is going to JR College, but not University yet. I think Jackie will motivate her.
My Alien backpack arrived in the mail. I will get myself an Alienware laptop for Christmas I think.

Nov 17, 2013 Sun: Jogged around the block, Lorelei made omelets & toast, went to World Market and Michael's with Kim. Jogged around the block again. Kim went home, I updated this journal.

2013 Nov 21: Larry Reeves retired today, gave a presentation on ASUP at 11:00am. We had cake and made speeches. EMC killed off the last of Datadomain and made us part of EMC GHE. Whatever that means, it means Michael Knowles, the least likeable person in the office is now my boss. great.

2013 Dec: I bought an Alienware17 gaming laptop with Windows 8. I like it. I got Lorelei ruby necklace and earrings with chocolate diamonds, over $2k! She got herself a sweater from me, thinking I would not get her anything. Mom did not visit, she stayed in Iowa. Work was only off Christmas day and New Years day, they did not shut down, wanting everyone to take their vacation days, but I wanted the money, and to save my vacation days for spring or summertime, even fall, but not middle winter. pricks.

==============
2014
==============

2014 Jan: Lorelei got handymen to put in some outlets and add support to the floor, which is now level at the front door. Looks like we will be able to do something with the floor now. Raymond James funds dropped $2000 this month. Makes me want to pay off the house instead of investing it all. Spent my Fry's gift cert on an electronic kit, played with it a bit, offered it to Summer but she wasn't interested. Gina had a birthday celebration in Tahoe, but we didn't go, both Lorelei and I felt sick, like we might get flu, but we didn't. I have been very tired this month, stopped jogging around the block once the 12 hour work days started about Jan 15th or so. Don Tremain retired at the end of January, had a retirement lunch for him at Harry's Hofbrau, Stevens Creek, Santa Clara.

2014 Feb 5: Had to move $1000 from Chase to Bank of the West to cover bills this month. I forgot to pay my credit card in Jan plus handymen bills. Lorelei is taking 4 architect classes at West Valley, on of them is Autodesk Revit. Alex has asked that I work 12 hour days for 3 weeks, starting 2 weeks ago. Has not been too bad and the checks should be closer to $2000 each. I was thinking of reducing my 401k back to pay all bills on time, but decided that 10% employer matching was better than anything else I am getting so I'll just pay from Chase while I can. I did jog around the block this morning, starting to feel less tired now. Movie last weekend was 'Wolf of Wall Street' a true story of craziness. I spent my Bestbuy gift cert on a video game, Walking Dead, bought during the super bowl weekend last weekend. AMC had a zombie bowl of Walking Dead seasons 1 & 2. New episodes in a week or two.

Jeff got SSI coming to live here around April. Dadilei, Lorelei's ex-co-worker is coming to stay with us tomorrow.

2014 March 2 Sun: Home Depot for closet material, Gina called, she will be going with in-laws to Italy in a couple of months. Got invite to Emma's birthday party. Danielle is in New York on her way to Greece.

2014 March 17: Sometime around here I got back IRS money the stupid Trust Fund accountant said we had to pay, but we didn't. Anyway it was close enough that I decided to pay off the house.
$134,386.36 + 279.05 some fees? 

House:
March 10, 2011 House title is ours. house value = $325k - $100,000. 
March 2011 to Nov 2012 (20 months x mortgage = ?)
Sept 22 - Nov 29 Roof = $17,000?
April 14, 2012 = refinance 30 year to 15 year + $100,000 to get monthly down to $1135.87
11 months x 1135.87
March 2014 = paid off house = $134,386.36 + $279.05 = mortgage balance or fees?
House payments  = $334,650.00 + 30 months mortgage, call it 30k = 364,650 + 17k roof =$381,650 + 5k fence + 5k heater/filter = $390,650.
They say it is worth $550,000


2014 April: No word from Jeff. Dadilei stayed for a couple of weeks, she was very quiet, only came to sleep, usually around the time we were going to bed, up and gone before we were, absolutely the easiest guest ever, we barely knew she was here.

(May, June, July... what happened?)

2014 Aug 24 Sun: Two tickets to Nine Inch Nails at the Shoreline and probably not going because Lorelei has a headache & sore throat. She has been in the tub all day, got out around 4pm. Tickets were in the grass section, $23 each so not a big loss but a bit of a bummer. I made about $60k in interest with Raymond James this last year. That gave me the idea that I should take a trip around the US before I am too old to enjoy it. We can rent the house out, since we are done paying for it, rents have been going over $2000 per month, to give us income while we travel. 

At first though we could put a little trailer on the back of the Subaru, but it only hauls 2500 pounds and little "tear drop" trailers cost big bucks! So we decided to get a used RV. The first Craigslist ad Lorelei emailed me happened to be Tu Lam! That was too coincidental, so we bought it, $13,000. It only has 35,000 miles on it, so hopefully no engine or transmission problems. Parked it out in Hollister, passed smog and got the title. Stayed in it over the weekends for a couple weeks while Supranee was in Thailand visiting her sick father. Lorelei stayed to watch Summer while Mike was at work (grave shift job).

There are rumors at work that EMC is shrinking Datadomain down to 1 product, so that could mean I will be getting laid off in a year or so. That would be perfect, it would make getting the next job so much easier if I was laid off, plus I could get unemployment maybe. We want to move, but can't think of where to go. Lorelei still wants East coast, I am hoping for something closer to our house in case we need to fix it, get renters, whatever. Plus her family is here and even though she is acting like she won't miss them, I know she will. The trip is a big enough deal to focus on first, something will present itself eventually I'm sure.

2014 September 1-5: Camping in our new RV for 4 days at Mt. Madonna, for Barbara's bday Sept 4th. The first two days were in an RV camping spot, the rest was two big spaces at the end of the road. Next to the last day Lorelei over heard Bob telling Don something about how she needs to relax, and that really made her mad. She has not been sleeping well the whole trip so I think that contributed.

2014 October - November 3: Haven't heard from Jeff at all. Not a peep, not an email. Maybe he got his disability back pay and took off. I hope he is having fun and not dead or in prison. Today was the first day without Thien 'Luke' Lam. He left after 6 months for a contract with Adobe. He was pretty good, but bored, so I hope for the best for him. We went to Pho Nam for lunch, it was fun but I didn't have anything to say, mostly listened to Alex talk about his family and news from Hong Kong about a guy that tried to hijack a tour bus in the Philippines, the police shot everybody up, the king shrugged it off, so Hong Kong is now banning Philippines tourism.

Got Age of Empires III game at Target a few weeks ago, I play the crap out of it. Got Lorelei an Asus laptop for her birthday this year, so she can run Revit on it. She has a whole collection of Autodesk apps to look at now. I got a crack for her when her license wasn't working, but she wrote them a letter with her Mission/West Valley architecture classes on it and they gave her a license that is working.

She was sick on her birthday, we stayed in the house. I colored some old sketches in GIMP and posted them to Facebook and Flickr. Feeling kind of bored, no longer worried as the house is paid off. Still don't have a title to the house though. Looking forward to moving to a new place, but also nervous about renting the house out. I would hate to get sued. I had to work some Saturdays and missed Alex/Jackie's bday at some restaurant in Santa Row, my sister is upset about it, I can tell, but hasn't given me a talking to about it thank god. I send flowers and blankets to Mom for her birthday. Not going there for her birthday or Christmas this year. I last saw her for Jackie's High School graduation a few months ago... maybe end of May first of June? If she doesn't want to come here next year, I'll go there.

EMC was not able to find a buyer, Joe Tucci is going to retire soon, and we just got a new CFO, so I could be getting laid off soon, I hope so, it would make the big RV trip easier, I could get severance and unemployment. It might make getting into a new house more difficult though. I can play  'Yankee Doodle', 'Country Road' chords by memory on the guitar now. Now great but it is a start. I am trying to remember 'Let it Be', 'This Land your Land', 'Blowing in the Wind'. Some day I will try to find a simple way to play Mr. Tambourine Man, I already know the words.

I have been taking a lot of 'sick days' at work out of boredom. I arrive 30 to 45 minutes late, take hour and a half lunch, cut out an hour early almost every day. TV this year has been 'Walking Dead', Continuum, the new Cosmos with Neil Degrasse Tyson, Hell On Wheels, Sons of Anarchy. Been growing my hair long. Gaining weight too, about as big as I have ever been. Damn. This time I am not even drinking, just lazy. Last year I was at least trying to lose, I would jog around the block many times a week, but I haven't done that in a while, totally losing interest although I know it makes me feel better... I can feel the edge of depression trying to creep in again.

Got a new water softener and tankless heater a few days ago (finished October 29th?). Took us 2 weeks to realize the company that made our old unit was not going to show up, so we got new stuff. I think it works better and I no longer hear weird water running noises any more. Hopefully our water bill will go down.

We stayed at Fairmont Hotel downtown Sat Oct 18? Because we had no hot water. Got a room next to the pool but didn't go out to the pool because it was crowded. That night HBO had Foo Fighters show on, first one, about Chicago. It was good.

I was studying Electronics & C using GCC but I'm getting bored of them. I was hoping to understand Linux kernel better but I'm at the end of my attention span on that. I did finish reading the book 'Code: the Hidden Language of Computer Hardware and Software' by Charles Petzold. That is a very good book, I understand chip and CPU logic much better than I used to.

Ron & Barbara did not pay their rent again last month, had to get Lorelei to bug them since Nov mortgage already came. I hate being stuck in this mess!

2014 November 28: Had Thanksgiving dinner at Gina's last night. She gave me her password to Ancestry.com so I looked in there and added a photo and confirmed Birth certificate link for my entry. That reminded me to update this journal. A couple of weeks ago mankind landed a rover on a comet. The Rocket was called Rosetta, it took 10 years to get it there. At work, David Garcia got the In Target Probe (ITP) working with Intel Platform Development tool using Python scripts to run on Apollo. He asked me to get it running on a Lab laptop, I did, well I did on mine, and swapped with the lap laptop anyway. So that has gotten me interested in Python again. Nov 4th, EMC's LAN was down all day, I got to go home early. It has been noticeably slow ever since. Trinh "Luke" Lam last day was Sept 30th. He was much better at Python than I am so maybe that's why I lost interest in Python for awhile. Not sure, my interest in these things comes and goes. Anyway for whatever reason I am back to being interested.

Also we have been looking at houses in Hollister, we can get a much better house for not much more money now that our house has gone from $325k to $550 or $600k in value. If I toss in $100k we can get a 4 bedroom 3 bathroom house in Hollister. I can take the exp bus or train to work. Takes about an hour and a half instead of my easy 30 minute drive, but for the upgrade in house, it seems worth it to me. Because of this there is renewed interest in fixing many things around our house. The first was we got a fence company to finish the south fence and add a gate between front and back yards. They will come back to do under the patio after Thanksgiving weekend. Lorelei's brother Bill moved in with Bob at Barbara/Ron's house in Los Banos to start a marijuana distributor business. They are crazy. But Bill might do some handy work around our house, like finish our pickets. We also need another plumber to clear our pipes, junk inside is plugging our kitchen sink, dishwasher, and laundry machine. The plumbers that installed our heater said it was not their problem, and broke our kitchen sink trying to find the plug up.

We are finally getting a bunch of sweet juicy oranges on our tree. A few are ready now, dozens more should be ready next week (first week in December).

Lorelei is planning an after Thanksgiving tea party on Sunday Nov 30. I bought her a tea set from Amazon to help. I hope the stock market continues to rise, we have spent a lot of money this month and there are more spending months to come. Hopefully we can sell our house around March/April and get a great house with plenty of space and a swimming pool by then.

==============
2015
==============
January

We fix up the San Jose house with the help of Lorelei's friend from Tonga, Penni, starting late January sometime? Originally our real estate agents John and Jennifer said their handyman would help us, but he was too busy, kept stalling. Penni and Josea and some of their friends helped paint the house and add new wood floors from "Lumber Liquidators" before they got into trouble selling high level formaldehyde wood. Anyway it looked great. Lorelei gave away the cat shredded sofa through a web site, and the guy that showed up for it is an artist who was stripping off the material to make teepees. Matt just arrived to California, was looking for work, so we paid him to fix the garage and do the backyard landscaping. All very nice guys that worked hard and turned the house around in 2 months. We put in about 25K but get it sold for $650k.


Feb, 2015
Layoffs finally happened at work, but I did not get laid off, amazing!

We sell the house, but have to wait another month before we can move into the Hollister house. I planned on living in the RV, but Lorelei would not have it, booked us a hotel in Gilroy that smelled of mold, re-booked us into Hilton Gilroy a week later for the other 2 or 3 weeks? The drive is only an hour and a half, sometimes an hour, so I don't take the train. I am concerned that I'll miss the train, it only runs to Gilroy a couple of times in the morning and in the evening.

March, 2015

We put about $25k in repairs, sold the house for $650 = about $50 more than I thought we would so I'm hoping our $25k investment made us $25k profit. Sold it to Alex something or another who came in late, we told him we had offers @ 625 so he bid 650 and got the deal.

Found a dentist in Hollister because my bridge tooth was back to hurting me, the antibiotic treatment the butcher of San Jose gave, hurt like hell, no pain meds, and only lasted two months. Hollister guy took my bridge out, pulled my bad tooth, drilled my jaw and put two implant posts in. Now I have to wait 2 months for healing and get my fake teeth screwed into the posts. 

Stayed at hotel with moldy bathroom for a week, then 2 or 3 weeks at Hilton Gilroy, then moved in to 3062 Lemmon Ct., Hollister around March 25th or so, don't have to make first mortgage payment until May 15!

Paid $14,000 on Lorelei's Bank of America CC on 3/25! Hotel bill + repair materials, shipping container, U-Haul, etc. 

April, 2015

Taxes due, had to pay Fed 5821 + State 2875 =  $8696! (plus 180 for Allan). Hopefully with mortgage, 2015 tax will be less.

Got Charter internet/phone = $137.11 set + 105 on 4/24

Got the last of our stuff out of 2 storage bins. Still have stuff in shipping container at Mike/Surpanee's house. But for $2500+ it can wait. Got bench grinder and a few tools to add to the workshop. Mike is looking to get out of swat and join the bomb squad, so he is brushing up on his electronics.

Work commute has not been too bad, takes about 1.5 hours. Up at 7:30 am, out around 8, into the office around 9:30, out around 6, home around 7:30 pm. Hair is long enough now that I just pull it back into a tail and go, shower when I get home after dinner is better.

May 2015

Mike & Summer go swimming sometimes, we've had a couple of BBQs. Baby Grace visits often, Holly has stayed the night a couple times. Brian Delimont called me one day from the hospital near Sacramento, Lara wants a divorce, so he decided to take a bottle of Xanax & aspirin, and nearly died. I left around 7pm, picked him up around 10pm, took him home, met his kids, and waited for him to changed clothes and get some things. That took about 4 hours, making our departure time about 2am, arriving back home about 5am, early dawn. 

A week's rest at the Hollister house, and he chose to borrow the RV, go back to Sac and be near the kids. It has been 3-4 weeks since and haven't heard much from him. I don't want to rush him but I do want my RV back ASAP. 

I continue to study electronics, C Programming and the Linux OS, when not reading comic or fiction books.

There was an estate sale next to Josh and Carin's house, Lorelei bought some tea stuff and a wood cabinet. The people turned out to be related to their old neighbors in Gilroy. Small world.
Josh and Carin are taking Quinn to a medical convention, Quinn has a nervous system defect, I forget the name of it right now. Really sad, but they are doing well, or putting on a good public face anyway. They have two daughters Lily and Eva to worry about so far they are acting strong.

Lysa emails out of the blue after a couple of years of silence, basically complaining that I make her "feel disposable". What a crazy woman, she was always dramatic, but honestly, I only knew her a couple of years 25 years ago (1987-88) and haven't even seen her except one day 15 years ago. She has lived with a few guys and has a 14 year old daughter from another guy since then. What right does she think she has being mad at me for not keeping touch?!? Isn't that a two-way thing? If she thinks she's in love with me, she is really crazy, she never has said that, but sometimes she acts like it, when she is not acting like she hates me that is.

Some good TV shows have been "Secret Circle", "Hemlock Grove", and "Sense 8". Still waiting for S5 of Game of Thrones to end so I can torrent the whole season. TV is now Charter cable, hopefully they don't watch torrent as closely as Comcast did.

I have been going through "Learning C the hard way" now that I have done most of "Learning Python the hard way". Not much else going on, my hair is long. 

June 2015
Not much to say, enjoying the new house, staying home most weekends, everything is still fresh and new. Barbara brings 2.5 year old Grace over to Lorelei and takes a break, just about every week. Bill figured out trying to work with Bob was not going well (finally) and went back to Nevada to stay with a friend that can also get him into another construction job. My birthday party was also a house warming, that went really well. Gina/Rob, Niki/Dani, Carin/Josh, Mike/Summer/Supranee, Ron/Barbara, Bill/Bob, Russ/Julie all came over. It was the weekend before the 20th, because the next weekend was 3 day weekend crowd. Maybe labor day?

July 2015 
Gina lost weight on the paleo diet and gave me a lecture about it on Brayden's 3rd birthday party last Sunday (7/12/2015). Nichole and Matt bought a house, still in Livermore, now off of East Street, on Baylor. Danni and EJ still live around the corner from Gina, Dani is pregnant and will be getting married to EJ soon.

Lake Tahoe to see Thievery Corporation at the Yoga event Wanderlust, got hotel in Reno Fri/Sat July 17/18. Saw Thievery Corp play only for a bit, but it was cold so we went back to Silver Legacy Hotel room a bit early. Had a good time at Squaw Valley anyway, and good salad and Guinness at the pub there. Saw George a couple of times at Chili's, they had trivial pursuit game on the table for .99 that was pretty fun. Went to a 2 story Starbucks/Barnes and Noble. Good margaritas at the hotel restaurant, free after putting $20 into the video poker. Work is slowing down so I download OS Essentials PDF and start to study that plus C programming.

Last weekend of July Mike brought over a chicken coop and two chickens for us! We get an average of 1 egg per day.

August 2015 
I decided since things are slow at work I would try to study for the Linux+ cert again. Bought study book at Amazon, they changed the test, now it is LX0-103 & 104 (instead of 101 & 102). 

Mike tore out the bathroom floor and old pipes, put in new stuff. They stayed over our house for the weekend (8/8-8/9) while he was doing the job, which he finished Sunday.

8/11/2015 Ron has some kind of tax debt, the tax board just froze all their accounts, including Barbara’s joint account at Bank of America with Lorelei. Lorelei didn’t want to tell me at first. The thing that got me upset was if she already had an account with her name on it, why didn’t the Los Banos house mortgage get paid out of that account?!? I bring it up and she gets so mad that she sleeps in the spare room. She seems to think we talked it out before she dropped the mortgage into the account without asking, but I know it’s not how it happened because I remember and also because I wrote it in this journal.  

8/12/2015 I move my journal to google docs, it is WAY better than Yahoo mail notepad. The spell checker works better than any I have ever seen and it’s fast. It is slow and a bit buggy at work, but I think that is because of the network security, which prevents me from accessing Google Drive.

I have a dentist appointment for cleaning Thurs 8/13/2015, I think I’ll take the whole day off for it. 

Georgia is coming to visit the Thursday after, 8/20/2015. Looking forward to that, hope Barbara doesn't decide to stay at our house during the visit like she did last time, it just adds tension, but she'll do whatever she wants. 

I’m about halfway through my Linux+ study book and it has become really dull. It is becoming work to read it. I don’t know why my interests bounce like this, but they always have.

8/14/2015 Fri, Speedy called to say my tires arrived. I get them swapped, Lorelei & Grace come to get me (although I was sort of hoping to study my Linux cert book) and we get coffee at Starbucks, then decide to go to Supranee’s to see what she wants to do (tonight is her and Mike’s 19 wedding anniversary). So we get her a coffee at the Java Hut, go to their house, but Summer and Supranee are no home, but Mike took the day off of work. He got her coffee, and told us she was at the school cleaning up before school starts next week. We chat for a bit, Carin & Eva are posting a happy anniversary sign to Mike’s fence. We head over to the school, Summer and Grace runoff, we talk to Supranee, she wants to go to Jardines in San Juan Baptista for dinner.

Grace plays for a bit on the playground, but has a wet diaper, the shop calls to say there is axle trouble on the car, something needs replacing there, it’s 70k miles and I haven’t had major service so I accept. Oh and I got a new water pump and oil change yesterday. I took the car in at 9:30am, it is now 3:30pm and it is still not done?!? Waiting at home, Lorelei makes sandwiches for lunch, Barbara shows up and says she’s taking Grace to Nevada to see Bill.

Thurs Aug 24, 2015 Mom arrives San Jose airport Southwest at 10pm, Lorelei brought Grace. I get mom and her bag while they are at Starbucks. Saw the dentist too, he was waiting for a blonde lady,  not his wife, don't think he is married.

Thurs Aug 25, 2015 Took mom to Monterrey aquarium with grace.

October 12, 2015 DELL announces buyout of EMC for $67 billion, will take the company private and spin off VMWare to remain publicly traded.

==============
2016
==============

Jan, 2016 Layoffs hit us, Joe Anderl gets laid off, I get a title change to “systems engineer” and stay on for now.

Wednesday, January 20, 2016 at 6:06pm Jeffery Uli passes away at Sharp Memorial Hospital in San Diego. I hear the news that Jeff is in the hospital from Veronica's Facebook IM Tuesday afternoon while I was at work in the Hardware Lab. 

Lorelei and I fly out to San Diego Wed morning, arriving at 3pm, Jeff is still on ventilator. Veronica's husband Mark? Arrives only minutes before us, apparently he was on the same flight. 

I ask Veronica only a few questions, why was Jeff at the hospital to begin with, and does Mike, their Dad know he's here? She says, “he knows” and leaves it hanging there, so I know it does not mean anything good. Jeff came to the hospital because his chest hurt and he had a cough. Turns out he had a heat attack and his blood was way too thin from his medication. 

I read Jabberwocky then they remove the ventilator and start him on morphine. I start reading pages from his book about Guardian Angels, mostly because no one can think of anything to say. He is shaking and his breath is horribly labored and gurgling so I hold his hand and read just loud enough to muffle the harsh sounds. Within an hour his respiration stops. I call Mike Beaudet on his cell and let him know. Not expecting Jeff to pass so quickly, we had booked the hotel and return flight on Saturday, so we just roam around San Diego, sort of looking for someone that would know Jeff, but it's been over 5 years now, and most everyone we knew was from somewhere else and just passing through, so I'm not really expecting to see anyone, and I don't.

We catch some movies to pass the time, “Bridge of Spies” and “The 5th Wave”. We eat at some nice restaurants near the hotel in “Little Italy”, but I feel kind of numb and I want to go home.

March 31, 2016 We went to SF to see Iggy Pop at the Masonic Temple and stayed at Fairmont hotel Nob Hill for my birthday. The show was first, I bought parking for the event, which is only a few blocks away from the hotel. We had drinks at the Fairmont lounge before the show, I had a couple of Old Fashion drinks, which is whisky on ice with some other flavor in it. The ice were ball shaped and there was a piano player. 

We went back to stay the weekend at the Fairmont a bit later. I remember walking to North Beach with Lorelei. On the way we walked though part of china town, looked at a furniture store, entered a Chinese museum, saw some displays and some videos on Chinese life in the 1800s in SF. In North beach I we stopped at an Irish bar to use the bathroom. The bartender and a former boxing champ were great to talk with and bought us drinks. We got drunk and took a taxi back to the Fairmont because it was up a steep hill and we were a bit drunk at this point. When we got back, Game of Thrones was playing on HBO in our room.

A while later Veronica announced having a service for Jeff at her house. Lorelei and I arrived a bit late (on purpose) and saw Eric Ryder, Tania and Mike there. We chatted for a bit, Tania had been hitting the drinks and it was starting to show. She got annoying after awhile, but Mike was reasonable. He asked if I had seen any shows lately then belittled the Iggy Pop show, which bothered me a bit as I recalled all the other times he belittled anything he was not a part of. When we were leaving, Mike showed me an old synthesizer he had bought recently that was in the trunk of their car. It was really cool, in a wood case, probably made in the 80s. They moved to Seattle. Tania said she had an art studio so I googled and found it. She is making paper with bits of stuff in it? The site was so new age it looked like something Lorelei’s mom would make, it was so pompous it was funny. 

In the fall of 2016 My aunt Barbara passed away, Lorelei and I flew out of San Jose airport around 11am to Nebraska, rented a car, and drove directly to the wake, right on time. Gina had gotten an earlier flight (like 5am out of SFO) and took Mom to the wake, but we got there just minutes after they did. We Went to the funeral the next day. There was a lunch afterwards. Mom, Gina, Lorelei and I did some shopping in Omaha and had dinner there. 

Gina went out with Danny that night. Georgia was taking the passing of her sister very well, but is now considering moving back to California. I told my Mom to take a long vacation, spend a month or so at my house before deciding if she really wanted to move here or not. I think she wants to move because she is bored and will ultimately end up bored here too. 

If she spends winters here, she can see all the family and go back to Iowa where she has people (grand-nieces?) to help her there, they are related to the landlord somehow and they drive her to the doctor, pharmacy and grocery store. Living in both places should make life more interesting than just one place I think. We kept the visit short mostly because Grace was doing ballet in the San Benito Nutcracker and we didn’t want to miss it.

The Nutcracker was fun, a bigger production than I thought it would be. Kim was able to come up and went with us in the RV. Bill & Bob were able to make it the first afternoon, Barbara and Ron came out the second day.

==============
2017
==============

2017 April, DELLEMC announce moving my department GHE-SC to Shanghai China. I will stay on to manage and move the lab, transferred to the Datadomain group under Rick Briggs. Ali is staying on until he finishes CalypsoX. Ray Parker is staying on to do sustaining support. Leo will be lead engineer on Warnado (platform) Juno (model) with Paul Siefak his PM. For some completely bizarre reason Paul Nguyen was hired to assist Leo. Shibin is also staying on, but I don’t know what he is working on. The Blazedevil SLIC has been sent to Franklin. Joe Gallo and Tai Quan are moving to the SSD group in Menlo Park (DSSD). Leaving are Michael Knowles, Victor, Ben, Nick Baker, Keith Oka, Kendal, Eric Chen, Jason Sylvian, Paul Sharlock, Yuchi, and the other software guy are also laid off. Frank Miyahara was laid off and mechanical engineering closed a month earlier.

Lorelei watches Grace usually Tues-Wed and Sat-Sundays. 

Saturday 4/29/17 we went to a library meeting, the county has plans to make a new library. I got a card and checked out a Trivia book. I few months ago I make a trivia quiz in Python. I really like playing with it, so I made a web version as well. I am thinking of typing up the book to use in my quiz. I like multiple choice, but so far all the trivia quizzes I have seen just have the question, leaving the reader to know the answer or not, like Jeopardy. I have trouble remembering, and multiple choice makes it easier and fun to guess when I don’t know the answer so I prefer that.

I got the idea to make a quiz after having fun playing the one in Chili’s restaurant in Nevada when we were visiting George for his birthday. That one is touch screen and multiple choice, the only thing I don’t like about it is the time limit. I see the need for it because you play in a group, but I didn’t add those features in mine, not interested. I like the web version because it works with a touch screen and I can add photos if I want.

After the library meeting we went to Casa de Fruita for dinner. Grace had so much fun playing there we stayed until the sun went down. We were there about 4 hours, until 8pm. I came home and went to bed. I think I have a little cold that is making me more tired than usual.

Now a days if I eat pizza I get stomach cramps about 8 hours later. About 30 minutes per slice.
Speaking of feeling bad, my Mom went to the hospital for dehydration sometime in June 2017. Because of this, my sister feels that Mom should live with me. Mom sometimes agrees and sometimes seems a little confused about what she wants to do. I said since she has only stayed at my house a couple of nights, that she should try an extended vacation first, to get a good feel of what living here would feel like so that she would know instead of guessing what to do.

July 7, 8, 9, went camping at Grover Hot Springs near Lake Tahoe for George & Robbie’s daughters wedding. Took the RV & Grace with Lorelei, almost took Max, but Michael took him home instead. Barbara and Ron decided to have a bowling birthday party for Arianna Birthday that same Saturday in Carson City which we thought was odd because they never did anything for her birthday before.

Barbara wanted us to bring Grace to Carson city, but we did not, we agreed that a wedding celebration was more important. I took Friday off of work, we took Grace and the RV up Hwy 5 to Hwy 88 and found the campsite easy enough in Markleeville, CA. Friday night the wedding group showed up and Saturday morning Grace was playing with the two girls at the neighbor campsite. Also Grace’s cousin Rainlynn showed up there. We took Rainlynn and Grace to the pool/spring area while her Mom and new Step Dad took off.

Rainlynn’s parents showed up near closing time at the hot springs pool, along with Barbara, Ron, Kim, Angelina, Arianna, Jolynn. They decided that since it was nearly dark, they would camp at our campsite. The 4 little girls spent most of the evening playing in the RV. Angelina made me a couple of Sangria’s, that was nice.

Friday July 14 had to be at work at 7:30 AM just so the Thermotron tech could remove the power cord and hoses from the chamber, how stupid, because of that I left work at noon.

Saturday July 15 I had to be in the lab by 6:30am to meet the riggers and get the chamber moved to the second floor of the new building. It took the glass company a few hours to get the window out, but only took the riggers about 30 minutes to get the chamber in. After I watched a few hours of Youtube in the lab until Julieann’s tea party at 1:30 to about 6pm. Came home to let Max outside, probably the last day with Max because Mike is back home from Alabama bomb squad training. Supranee and Summer are vacationing in Thailand.

My Mom is coming to visit Friday July 28 at 6:30pm until August 12, about 2 weeks. I had imagined something more like 2 months, so she would know if she wants to live here or not, but I guess she feels like 2 weeks is enough time. We will see. Also Mike is determined to move to an easier house to take care of, even though Surpranee has made it clear that she does not want to move. Time will tell if both Mom and Mike’s family will be here at the same time or not.

August 9, had dentist cleaning & checkup. They want me to see an oral surgen about the left side of my tongue, there is a white lump there, I think from biting myself at night. I have woken myself up a few times biting my tongue so hard it bleeds. I didn’t go yet, the white lump went away a couple weeks later.

August 15th I took a work trip to Durham, NC for Juno roll out with Leo Lee. I had to get a new corporate AmEx card in a hurry. The trip was 3 days at Durham, plus a day to fly up and a day to fly back, so it took a whole business week. I flew Delta and stayed at the Marriott hotel, rented a car with Enterprise, joining Delta, Enterprise, and Marriott clubs in the process. One of those nights we ate at a restaurant that specializes in Buffalo. The ranch and the restaurant are owned by Ted Turner. I got Buffalo meatloaf, which was good, but nothing special. Nothing else eventful happened during the trip. 

On the way back, I had a stop over in Minneapolis Minnesota. I thought I had an extra hour, so I took my time walking to the gate, sat and ate a sandwich, and didn’t realize the people boarding there was for my flight until they announced my name! I had a hard time sleeping in the hotel for some as yet unknown reason, so maybe that’s why I wasn’t paying attention very well. We did not get all of the Juno hardware shipped to us, some kind of last minute manufacturing problem came up, so there is supposed to be another trip after the lab move is complete. I was able to submit my expenses using Concur which paid the AmEx bill before it was due.

After I got back, things were getting slow at work so I studied and got a certification for “Intro to Linux” by EdEx on August 28th.
 
I worked a lot in September, e-wasting a lot of material and packing for the lab move. We had a birthday party for Grace. We got a jump house and invited some of her friends from the library and dance class. One of the couples is Mormon and have like 6 kids. I got to hold the baby for awhile, he was a happy baby. Kim and Angelina Vina showed up with Joylene and the beast, I mean Arianna. Angelina is still having problems with her roommate, but won’t move out. Had to install cameras to keep her car from getting vandalized. Still goes on about how her guy is with another lady. She says she’s over him (I think his name is Dustin), but brings it up every time I talk to her.

It has been hot, so I have been staying inside, studying a combination of my OS Concepts and Python books, taking notes in a three ring binder I started for the Linux Foundation EdEx class. I should get my Linux+ cert with CompTia, but the last class has me feeling bored of it right now.

October 1, 2017 DELLEMC HW Lab finishes the move from 2421 Mission College Blvd., to 5480 Great American Parkway. I am still running parts to the main lab at Mission College, but otherwise I don’t spend any time there anymore.

Friday night Oct 6 at 5:30pm Mike brings Summer to baby sit Grace. They seem to have a good time, but Mike picks her up early, about 7:00pm. Lorelei gets home from a charity event dinner around 8:00pm. Mom says she wants to spend another winter in Iowa before moving in.

I ordered a used copy of “Head First HTML5 Programming” last week, so I spend most spare time studying it in between playing “Rise of Nations” and “Diablo II”. It take a long time, I am having trouble focusing, and I’m not just talking about the reader glasses I now need.

Henry Rollins is worth 13 million dollars and has written over 25 books? I’m impressed. He spends most of his time now traveling around the world then writing books about it and does shows where he talks about his trips and also promotes his books. He says he is done with music. I got into watching the Joe Roegan Experience on YouTube because Henry was a guest, also Abby Martin from RT News.

Henry drinks Met-Rx protein shakes and bars and only eats lean healthy foods. Muscle eats fat, so weight training is also recommended. I order the shake powder Oct 11, and 10 pound barbells from Amazon October 15th.

Started getting into “Processing” which is a graphics library for many languages like Java/Android, but focusing more on their JavaScript branch which was re-written in JavaScript and called P5. I am following the tutorial series on YouTube called “The Coding Train”. Got about a dozen example programs on my github site at https://blzim.github.io/.

I took off work on Friday 10/27/17, got my first Costco card and shopped for the party instead.
I am using my belt one hole tighter than the start of the month. Not sure if it stretched or if the protein shake is actually causing me to loose weight. It has only been about two weeks, so it is too early to know yet, but it tastes good so I ordered a 4 pound jug which arrived 10/27/17. 

Had Lorelei’s birthday party on Sat 10/28/17. Her actual birthday is Tuesday. George, Cody, Princess the dog, and Robbie arrived Friday night and stayed until Sunday morning. Barbara brought Grace and Ron and invited Dennis and Lori. I also invited Julie and Russel and Gina, who brought Brayden. Everything went really well, I grilled Carne Asada for Tacos. It was hot, so I only wore my Viking outfit for half the day. Mike & Summer stopped by for about an hour without Supranee. George and Robbie use a movie site called vudu, he gave me the account: https://www.vudu.com/movies/ user: robbievowinkel@yahoo.com password: Jaguar17.

Sunday 10/29/17 I went to Ace, got 3 sheets of 2’ x 4’ plywood and finished the roof and a wall of the new chicken coop. I also watched reviews of the new Samsung Galaxy S3 Tablet that comes with the S Pen, which looks like it works really well on many art apps, so I added it to my Amazon wish list as a possible Christmas gift. The price today for the 9.7” screen, with keyboard, is just under $500. The cell phone version is called the Galaxy Note.

11/2/2017 Lorelei is very sad because her mother said Bill was not going to allow Grace to visit again, and that he would soon move and take her to Nevada. That night we were talking about what to do for Thanksgiving and suggested we go away. We decided on New Orleans, booking a flight with Virgin America out of SFO on 11/21, also getting Park & Fly room at Best Western 11/20, staying at the Roosevelt / Waldorf until 11/28, flying back that night, returning to work 11/30.

==============
2018
==============
I was not keeping up with the journal in 2018, what happened in 2018? Still living in Hollister, CA. Juno project starts getting busy after Leo Lee quits, gets a new job at Ebay with Lam Dong, former Data Domain NVRAM engineer.

Grace still visits. Bill goes off to Nevada when he doesn’t have work, but comes back with her when he does. He works a project then has time off until the next project. 

Something ate our chickens last year, maybe a skunk, possum, fox or cat? We should get more but haven’t yet.

I did not end of getting the Samsung tablet, I got the Kano raspberry pi touch screen instead. Only $200 and has programmable General Purpose Input Output (GPIO) pins. 

Work has been sending me out to Durham, NC for Juno project. I go back twice a month. 

News 2018:
Donald Trump is still president. US leaves Syria. The Federal government shut down for over a month.
Marijuana legal in California. Major California landslides after 200,000 acres have burned down.
Hawaii has false flag missile attack panic. Kevin Spacey sexual assault. Eagles beat the patriots at the Superbowl. Space X launches reusable rocket. Winter Olympics in South Korea. Trump starts tariff war with China. Pedestrian bridge collapses in Florida. Woman attacks YouTube HQ then shoots herself. Smallville actress Allison Mack in court for sex trafficking. Harvey Weinstein is charged with rape. Rosanne Barr’s show canceled after racist tweet. December 2018 stock market beings a major drop they say is just a reset. Sears and Toys-R-Us went out of business.

Movies of 2018:
The big movies of the year were Black Panther, Avengers Infinity War, Aquaman, Deadpool2, Ant-Man Wasp, Ready Player One, Solo: A Star Wars Story, Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Gindelwald.

Friday 6/29/18 Wild Wild Country on Netflix. Made Prince Valiant webpage on my Github.
Sat July 8, 2018 Gilroy hills fire.
Movie: Boston newspaper investigates Catholic Church. Starring Rachel Adams, Mark Ruffalo, Michael Keaton.
Movie: WindRiver: Elizabeth Olsen, Jeremy Renner, director Taylor Sheridan (Sons of Anarchy).
Sunday July 29 Extinction on Netflix about a robot human war, but who is who?
Wed 8/22 phone interview with Nutanix, Jeanie recommended me, but dropped from hardware engineer to lab support tech. No longer interested.
8/24 fixed the RV vent that I broke pulling backwards under the workshop overhang.
8/26/18 Batman vs Superman, best part of the movie is Gal Gadot as WonderWoman.

9/6/2018 Seattle/Vancouver vacation! Lorelei and I flew to Seattle then took a train to Vancouver, Canada. 
Alaska Airlines flight #399 seat 18E. Amtrak train #518 to Vancouver. There was a dog on the flight, white terrier. Drew Alaska guy on napkin, had coffee and cookies. In Seattle got 3 beers, avacado toast, pickle fries, fish and chips at the Edge cafe then took a walk. On train drank 2 blue waters, salad, clam chowder, ice tea, peanut M&M. Taxi to Westin Grand on Robson. Hop On Hop Off tour bus through Stanley Park. Walked to Science Museum. Tuesday 9/11/18 Alaska Air # 328 SEA – SJC. 

Gina gets legally separated from Robert instead of getting divorced. She stayed with us for a month or two earlier in 2018. My Mom was going to visit, but did not. Mom went to the hospital after a bad cold for dehydration, no kidney damage.

9/19 Lunch at diner near Don Brady storage at Princeton Plaza at Hoser & Blossom Hill. Soup and grilled cheese dinner.

9/26/18 Grace is 6 today, she was born 9/26/2012.
9/27 Thursday has turkey sandwich, nachos, banana. Redbox rip with MakeMKV. Red Sparrow, GameNight, Terminal, Rouge One.
10/20/18 Saturday, Barbara and Ron took Grace, they are going to Reno.
10/27/18 Need to take library book back “Internet of Risky Things”
Original numbers showed angles as their value, looked more square, the seven has a foot and a center line.

We got new Samsung Android phones after the train from Vancouver to Seattle was late getting back, the station was closed and Yellow Cab was not answering their phones at night, they want people to use their app. Merry Christmas to us.

I registered for school at Southern New Hampshire University (SNHU) to get a IT management degree.I registered while at hotel in Durham, NC after Lorelei and I saw a commercial and Lorelei suggested it.

==============
2019
==============

Week 4 into my first two classes, so far getting mostly A grades. Able to do a lot of the class work at work.

2/1/19 Friday, saw Russell and Julie, ate prawns at Fiorillo's in Santa Clara, played Wits and Wagers with Grace and Lorelei as well of course. Rain and strong winds this night, knocked over the big pool umbrella, torn down some of the back yard shade material.

2/2 Saturday the storm broke something glass Lorelei left in the back yard. We cleaned up a bit, I fixed the shade with a staple gun and the tall ladder. Chainsaw removed the rest of the tree that got damaged in the storm.

Going to Durham Sunday 2/3 for a week to update firmware and swap CPUs. Hard to relax, even though I don’t want to worry about it, I’m not even sure I want to keep the job, but now I’m in school at SNHU so I will stick it out until that gets paid at least, if I can. I meet Rhonda and Leslie the contractors and everything goes pretty well, they are easy to get along with and I am able to relax. I think partly because I try to eat well and often when I'm there, getting breakfast at the hotel, eggs and potatoes and coffee, sometimes some oatmeal. Lunch at Wallmart is actually not bad, they have hot chicken sandwiches, salad, and corn dogs pre-made, quick and easy with a little walk that helps relieve stress.

Paul Siefcak is calming down now too, he seems to be giving up trying to make the project go according to schedule, and is accepting that the project going badly is not anyone specifically, but the whole operational change is making things difficult.

2/23/19 Going back to Durham tomorrow, this time through Monterey airport. Rhonda and Leslie will help me put disk drives where ever they are supposed to go, so if I eat well and do my best not to worry, things should go okay. There are many snow storms in the north, so choosing Monterey to LAX to Houston to Durham is a good choice, especially because Concur was pushing me to take a cheaper flight in SFO, which is NOT WORTH IT. If I choose Monterey, it doesn't force anywhere else to go. It was Lorelei's idea and a nice one!

Last week I was looking to see how to remove the oven and if I could figure out how to install a new one when I noticed the bottom of the oven was a metal cover, uncovering it I see the bottom heating element in pieces. I ordered the replacement part from some place called Genuine Replacement Parts on line and for $100 they shipped the right part, it slipped on in just a minute and works! The longest part was turning off/on the breaker and cleaning the oven out. Afterwards I ordered a light bulb too, it should be here in a few days. 

For two years we haven't been able to use the oven because I couldn't see anything wrong and didn't know what to do, but it was really easy, just removing the cover, a few screws and a couple of slip on wires.

Just finished the last week, week 8 of my first two classes and still getting an A. I have a discussion in each class to do still, but they don't open until midnight tonight, and I'll be spending all say flying to Durham so I'll have to find some time to do that during the trip.

I need to submit my Tax documents to Alan Hempstead soon. I also need to get an oil change. I should take Monday off of work and get those things done.
I was going to take Grace to see a movie today, she likes the "How to Train Your Dragon" series and movie #3 started Friday, but Barbara took her again.
Last weekend Barbara brought Grace, we took the camper to the park, Barbara stayed in her car, and when we got back, she took Grace back in anger. In anger of what? We don't know. I think she is slipping deeper into senility to be honest. There is no reason in many things she does.

The weird nerve problem I got in my left foot is nearly gone, I can only feel it on occasion. About 6 months ago I tried jogging at lunch and spent the next 6 months feeling like there was a rock in my shoe. At first it gave me a limp, but after a few months it calmed down to a lump. It is some weird nerve thing in my left heel. I still get a tingling sensation between my right hand and shoulder, but it is fading slowing. I've had that issue for nearly a year. I walk the stairs instead of taking the elevator at work, but I don't try to jog any more, it is too hard on my feet and knees.

I need to go the dentist to get my 6 month cleaning and check up. I'm about a month or two behind.

4/11/2019 
The left foot nerve problem is gone, the right hand/shoulder tingling remains, but fading slowly.
I still have not gone to the dentist, but I did submit my tax forms to Alan Hempsted on April 1. On Sunday 4/14/2019 I will go on what is probably the last trip to North Carolina (trip #8). I am getting used to the trips and leaving from Monterey Airport (MRY) has turned out to be the easiest way. I still get nervous and have to give up a weekend each time I go, so I would rather not, but I am less anxious about it each time I go.

5/2/2019
Tensions are high at work, I have been getting weirdly emotional, angry one moment, sad the next, tired, depressed, then okay for awhile then back to the angry/sad/tired/depressed loop. Also getting very sleepy at night, can't stay away much further than dinner. Going to Durham for (trip #9) May 12 to 18th, Monterey to RDU. I get the urge to sell the house and move out of California often. NPR radio guy talking about global warming will increase fires every year. Last year was getting scary, if it is like that again this year, that might push us away, South San Jose Alamden was on fire last year. Too close and getting closer all the time. Reading my last entry, the foot problem is still gone, the shoulder tingling is much less, I did go to the dentist Tuesday April 30 for cleaning, all looks good, but no xrays. I did submit my taxes and pay them. $5000 something for fed, $3000ish for state.

Next classes start May 6, math and english composition. I don't know if I can pass those classes. I have been looking at the math, and I am something like 30 concepts behind. The book is trying to get me up to speed, I got 5 concepts last weekend, but don't know how I am going to get 25 more before class starts and how I can possibly pass this class. If I fail both, I will drop out. It is just too much stress for me. I am 50 and over weight, and don't want to get a heart attack!

I don't know which version of my journal is current anymore, work or home laptop. I will have to start using online storage or something.

9/18/2019
Still confused about which version of my journal is current, not putting it on github to sync between work and home, but I also have copies on Googe drive and probably backups on disk somewhere, and don't know what the differences are. Someday I will collect them together and get it sorted out. I did drop out of school at SNHU shortly after the 5/2 entry above. Bill had a mental blow out, then filed kidnapping/abduction charges with the DA, so we filed for guardianship. Our lawyer recommeneded filing a restraining order for Lorelei, Barbara, and myself, so we did. The restraining order took 3 attempts in court to pass, but it did, we have 1 year. The guardianship trail has gone to court 3 times, but has yet to pass. Next court is Oct 14, 2019.

Gina planned a trip to Mesa, AZ for Mom's birthday. Rented a B&B house. I have my Southwest airlines tickets and time off worked set, Oct 3 - 7.

Barbara says Ron said he never heard of Santa Clara, CA after they saw a Santa Clara police car pass them. This worries Barbara, as Ron's memory seems to be fading.

Gina separated from Rob, stayed at our house a week, rented a temp house in Livermore for 6 months or so, got her half of the money from their old house from Rob who refinanced somehow. Took that money and is in escrow for another house in Livermore, somewhere near the old house. Don't know the address yet, if all goes well, she moves in right after our trip to Mesa, AZ.

Took the day off of work yesterday, feeling a little sick, but returned to work today after sleeping 10+ hours yesterday and last night.

Windows 10 forced an update and afterwards my Alienware17 laptop would not boot (the same laptop since Dec 2013). I tried following repair steps from online sources, but none of the recovery tools worked, so I wiped everything and installed Ubuntu Linux. Both disks appear and automount. Wifi did not work immediately, requiring some proprietary drivers from Broadcom, but after that, everything (sound, network, etc.) is working perfectly. Installing HP's printer tool prevented the laptop from booting properly, so I removed it, now it boots very quickly, no problems. I think the tool hangs trying to connect to the printer. They really should have a time limit expire the step, but for whatever reason it hangs so I'll just have to install the printer whenever I need to use it. The scanner tool works without the HP tool or printer install so I should hardly ever need it.

Using GIT command line on Linux to keep my website in sinc. It is easier than I thought to setup and use. Just install with the typical apt install git, then mkdir Github, cd to Github, clone the URL (git clone https://github.com/blzimg) which downloads the whole site into a blzimg.github.io folder. Any updates to download is one command: git pull. Changes I want to upload is 3 commands: git add .; git commit -m "filename"; git push. Git push asks for username and password, then pushes up your commits to github.

Lorelei wants me to get Grace on my medical insurance, emailed me her birth certificate and temp guardianship docs. I think we should wait to be real full time guardians first. What if we loose, what is the point? But she is determined to win. I'm not even sure if we should. Bill is fighting harder than I expected he would. If her real Dad wants her that bad, who am I to keep them apart? Besides, I want to quit work and move to Connecticut. Sell the $800k + house and get a $200k condo and just work a few temp jobs until Soc Security comes around. I'm over 50 now and I'm getting tired. Last time I had to move 3 fully loaded DS60 "Cayenne" across campus for the pipecleaner demo to the main lab, I thought I was going to have a heart attack!

I want to start taking it easy, but I can't afford to if we stay. If we are guardians the court might make us stay. Feeling stuck, don't know what to do, so for now I just go along with what Lorelei wants. She is smarter than I am in many ways, and I owe it to her to try to help giver her what she wants.

Lorelei gets a puppy from Mike. Her name is Sugar, she is a chocolate lab born from Mike's black police dog lab and some other yellow lab they got for mating. Their were 10 puppies born! They only wanted a few, which were taken to train as more police dogs. Summer kept one for her self, and Mike gave Lorelei one. So far, other than chewing up everything she can get her mouth on, she is doing alright and growing quickly. She gets scared easily and doesn't seem to be able to see very far, but she is a very nice dog, we get along pretty good.

DellEMC is going full Agile/SCRUM business management style. This includes using Atlassian's Jira work flow web tool to micro-manage everything we work on. These "stories" (tasks) are included in 2 week "Sprints" (deadlines) that we report to the PO (Project Owner). Everyone is supposed to take any stories anyone needs help with. This concerns me as I don't know how to do most of the other people's jobs and I don't think they are going to train me. I also like my downtime, which we are no longer supposed to have. There is a chance that they will lay me off. If we do not become Grace's guardians, I would like to get laid off (preferably with a few month's pay), sell the house and move to Connecticut.

9/29/2019
The trip to Phoenix is next Thursday Oct 3 @ 12:30pm #639 to Tuesday Oct 7 @ 6:40pm #2417 for Mom's birthday. SWA # SYMYSJ. Also Juno T4 Pipecleaner was delayed last week, should be here Monday morning, oh joy. Got a raise recently, about an extra $200 a check, $5000 a year. Grace's 7th birthday party was at the hollister jump house I think it is called Happy Jumpy, next to the Hillcrest coin-op Car Wash, Hillcrest street and Industrial.



